Marge: [writing] Maggie is walking by herself.  Lisa got straight As.  And 
Bart...  Well, we love Bart.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G08 - Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire.

%
Marge: [writing] The magic of the season has touched us all.

Homer:  Marge, haven't you finished that stupid letter yet?

Marge: [continuing] Homer sends his love.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G08 - Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire.

%
Marge:  A tattoo?

Homer:  A what?
   
Bart:  Yeah, they're cool, and they last the rest of your life.

Marge:  You will *not* be getting a tattoo for Christmas.

Homer:  Yeah, if you want one, you'll have to pay for it out of your

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G08 - Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire.

%
[A management broadcast over the nuclear plant PA]

Smithers:  Attention all personnel.  Please keep working during the 
following announcement.  And now, our boss and friend, Mr. Burns.

Montgomery Burns:  Hello.  I'm proud to announce that we've been able to 
increase safety here at the plant without increasing the cost to the 
consumer or affecting management pay raises.  However, for you semi-skilled 
workers, there will be no Christmas bonuses.  Oh, and one more thing: Merry 
Christmas!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G08 - Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire.

%
Barney:  I got me a part-time job working as a Santa down at the mall.

Homer:  Wow.  Can *I* do that?

Barney:  I dunno.  They're pretty selective.  *belch*

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G08 - Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire.

%
[Homer, interviewing for a post as department store Santa]

Manager:  Do you like children?

Homer:  What do you mean?  All the time?  Even when they're nuts??

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G08 - Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire.

%
[Homer collects his pay as a department store Santa]

Homer:  Thirteen bucks?  Hey, wait a minute.

Clerk:  That's right.  $120 gross, less Social Security...

Homer:  Yeah.

Clerk:  ... less unemployment insurance ...

Homer:  But...

Clerk:  ... less Santa training...

Homer:  "Santa training"?

Clerk:  ... less costume purchase...

Homer:  Wait a minute...

Clerk:  ... less beard rental...

Homer:  But...

Clerk:  ... less Christmas Club.

Homer:  But...

Clerk:  See you next year.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G08 - Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire.

%
Bart:  Aw come on, Dad.  This could be the miracle that saves the Simpsons' 
Christmas.  If TV has taught me anything, it's that miracles always happen 
to poor kids at Christmas.  It happened to Tiny Tim, it happened to Charlie 
Brown, it happened to the Smurfs, and it's going to happen to us!

Homer:  Well, okay, let's go.  Who's Tiny Tim?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G08 - Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire.

%
Lisa:  What, Aunt Patty?

Patty:  Oh, nothing, dear.  I'm just trashing your father.

Lisa:  Well, I wish you wouldn't because, aside from the fact that he has 
the same frailties as all human beings, he's the only father I have.  
Therefore, he is my model of manhood, and my estimation of him will govern 
the prospects of my adult relationships.  So I hope you bear in mind that 
any knock at him is a knock at me, and I am far too young to defend myself 
against such onslaughts.

Patty:  Mm hm.  Go watch your cartoon show, dear.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G08 - Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire.

%
[Santa's Little Helper adopts Homer]

Bart:  Oh, Dad, can we keep him?

Homer:  But he's a loser!  He's pathetic!  He's... [SLH licks Homer's face] 
... a Simpson.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G08 - Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire.

%
I WILL NOT WASTE CHALK

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G02 - Bart the Genius.

%
Lisa:  `Id', triple-word score!

Homer:  No abbreviations.

Lisa:  Not I.D., Dad, `id'.  It's a word!

Bart:  As in ``This game is stoop-id''.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G02 - Bart the Genius.

%
Homer: [grabs Bart with his left hand, holding a banana in his right] Wait 
a minute, you little cheater!  You're not going anywhere until you tell me 
what a kwyjibo is.

Bart:  Kwyjibo.  Uh... a big, dumb, balding North American ape.  With no 
chin.

Marge:  And a short temper.

Homer:  I'll show you a big, dumb, balding ape! [leaps for Bart]

Bart:  Uh oh.  Kwyjibo on the loose!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G02 - Bart the Genius.

%
Mrs. Krabappel:  Now I don't want you to worry, class.  These test will 
have no effect on your grade.  They merely determine your future social 
status and financial success... if any.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G02 - Bart the Genius.

%
Dr. J. Loren Pryor:  The child is not supposed to know his own IQ, of 
course, but as you can see, it's beyond the range of any doubt.

Homer:  Nine hundred and twelve!!?!?

Dr. Pryor:  Uh, no.  You have it upside-down.  It's two hundred and sixteen.

Homer: [disappointed] Oh.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G02 - Bart the Genius.

%
Dr. J. Loren Pryor:  Tell me, Bart, are you ever bored in school?

Bart:  Oh, you bet.

Pryor:  Mm hm.  Do you ever feel a little frustrated?

Bart:  All the time, sir.

Pryor:  Uh huh.  And do you ever dream of leaving class to pursue your own 
intellectual development on an independent basis?

Bart:  Oh, like you're reading my mind, man.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G02 - Bart the Genius.

%
Principal Skinner:  I think we should re-test him.

Dr. J. Loren Pryor:  No, I think we should move him to another school.

Skinner:  Even better!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G02 - Bart the Genius.

%
Homer:  My son, a genius!?  How does it happen?

Dr. J. Loren Pryor:  Well, genius, like intelligence, is usually the result 
of heredity and environment...  Although in some cases, it's a total 
mystery.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G02 - Bart the Genius.

%
Homer: [to Bart] Now go on, boy, and pay attention.  Because if you do, 
someday, you may achieve something that we Simpsons have dreamed about for 
generations: You may outsmart someone!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G02 - Bart the Genius.

%
Marge:  I got tickets to the opera tonight.  Hurry up, get dressed, it 
starts at eight.

Bart: [whining] Oh, Mom, not tonight...

Homer:  Come on, Bart.  Your mother's only trying to help, so go ahead and 
enjoy the show.

Marge:  Homer, you're going, too.

Homer:  But I'm not a genius!  Why should *I* suffer!?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G02 - Bart the Genius.

%
I WILL NOT SKATEBOARD IN THE HALLS

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G03 - Homer's Odyssey.

%
Mrs. Krabappel: [blows whistle] Now class, I don't want this field trip to 
be a repeat of our infamous visit to the Springfield State Prison.  So I 
want you all to be on your best behavior.  Especially you, Bart Simpson.

Bart:  Mrs. Krabappel, I didn't unlock that door!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G03 - Homer's Odyssey.

%
Bart:  Any new tattoos, Otto?

Otto:  Ho!  Funny you should ask, man.  This morning I woke up with this 
one.

Bart:  Cooool!  I want one!

Otto:  Not till your fourteen, my little friend.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G03 - Homer's Odyssey.

%
Lisa:  Here's a good job at the fireworks factory.

Homer:  Those perfectionists, forget it.

Lisa:  How about this, a supervising technician at the toxic waste dump.

Homer:  I'm no supervising technician, I'm a technical supervisor.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G03 - Homer's Odyssey.

%
Sherry:  Hey Bart!  Our dad says your dad is incompetent.

Bart:  What does "incompetent" mean?

Terry:  It means he spends more time yacking and scarfing down doughnuts 
than doing his job.

Bart:  Oh, okay.  I thought you where putting him down.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G03 - Homer's Odyssey.

%
Lisa:  Here's a good job at the fireworks factory.

Homer:  Those perfectionists?  Forget it.

Lisa:  How about this, a supervising technician at the toxic waste dump.

Homer:  I'm no supervising technician, I'm a technical supervisor.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G03 - Homer's Odyssey.

%
Marge:  There there, Homer.  You'll find a job.  You've caused plenty of 
industrial accidents, and you've always bounced back.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G03 - Homer's Odyssey.

%
Bart:  All he does is lie there like an unemployed whale.

Lisa:  I don't know what else to do.

Bart:  There's only one thing we can do... take advantage of the old guy.  
You've gotta sign my report card, Dad.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G03 - Homer's Odyssey.

%
Mrs. Winfield:  It looks like young Simpson is going to kill himself.

Mr. Winfield:  Maybe not.  He might just be taking his boulder for a walk.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G03 - Homer's Odyssey.

%
Montgomery Burns:  Ah, Homer Simpson, at last we meet.

Homer Simpson:  Likewise.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G03 - Homer's Odyssey.

%
Montgomery Burns:  You mean you're willing to give up a good job and a 
raise, just for your principles?

Homer: Hmmmm, you put it that way it does sound a little far-fetched, but 
that's the lug your looking at... and I vow to continue spending every free 
minute I have crusading for safety.  Of course, I'd have a lot less of 
those free minutes if you gave me the job.

Burns:  You're not as stupid as you look, or sound, or our best testing 
indicates.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G03 - Homer's Odyssey.

%
Bart:  You know, there are names for people like you.

Lisa:  No there aren't.

Bart:  Teacher's pet!  Apple polisher!  Butt-kisser!

Homer:  Bart, you're saying butt-kisser like it's a bad thing!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Nelson:  I'll get you after school, man.

Bart:  But...

Principal Skinner:  Oh no no no, he'll get you after school, son.  Now 
hurry up, it's time for class.

Bart:  But...

Skinner:  Scoot, young Simpson!  There's learning to be done!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Bart:  Look, everybody.  I would just as soon not make a big deal out of 
this.  I'm not saying that I'm not a hero.  I'm just saying that... I fear 
for my safety.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Bart:  Well, I had a run-in with a... bully.

Marge: [bursting in] A bully!?

Homer: [annoyed] Come on, Marge!  I don't bug you when you're helping Lisa!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Marge:  What on earth are you talking about, Homer!?

Homer:  The code of the schoolyard, Marge!  The rules that teach a boy to 
be a man.  Let's see. [counting off fingers] "Don't tattle."  "Always make 
fun of those different from you."  "Never say anything, unless you're sure 
everyone feels exactly the same way you do."

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Marge:  This bully friend of yours: is he a little on the chunky side?

Bart:  Yeah, he's pretty chunkified, all right.

Marge:  Mmm.  And I'll bet he doesn't do well in his studies, either.

Bart:  No, he's pretty dumb.  He's in all the same special classes I am.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Bart:  You mean that I should fight dirty, Dad?

Homer:  Unfortunately, son, we Simpsons sometimes have to bend the rules a 
little in order to hold our own.

Bart:  Amen!

Homer:  So the next time this bully thinks you're going to throw a punch, 
you throw a glob of mud in his eye!  And then you sock him [pounds fist 
into hand] when he staggers around blinded!

Bart: [getting into it] Yeah!

Homer:  And there's nothing wrong with hitting someone when his back is 
turned.

Bart:  Gotcha.

Homer: [quietly] And if you get the chance, get him right in the family 
jewels.  That little doozy's been a Simpson trademark for generations.

[punches the punching bag down low]
Bart: [cringes] Thanks, Pop.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Lisa:  Why don't you go see Grampa?

Bart:  What can *he* do?

Lisa:  He'll give you good advice.  He's the toughest Simpson alive.

Bart:  He is?

Lisa:  Yeah, remember the fight he put up when we put him in the home?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Grampa: [typing a letter] "Dear Advertisers,
I am disgusted with the way old people are depicted on television.  We are 
not all vibrant, fun-loving sex maniacs.  Many of us are bitter, resentful 
individuals who remember the good old days when entertainment was bland and 
inoffensive.  The following is a list of words I never want to hear on 
television again.  Number one: bra.  Number two: horny.  Number three: 
family Jewels."

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Herman: [whispering] What's the password?

Grampa:  Let me in, you idiot!

Herman:  Right you are.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Bart:  Uh, Mr. Herman?

Herman:  Yes?

Bart:  Did, did you lose your arm in the war?

Herman:  My arm?  Well, let me put it this way:  Next time your teacher 
tells you to keep your arm inside the bus window, you do it!

Bart:  Yes, sir.  I will.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Herman:  How many men do you have?

Bart:  None.

Herman:  You'll need more.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Herman:  The key to Springfield has always been Elm Street.  The Greeks 
knew it.  The Carthaginians knew it.  Now *you* know it.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Herman:  First, you'll need a declaration of war.  That way, everything you 
do will be nice and legal.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Bart:  Pssst, Grampa.  I think this guy's a little nuts.

Grampa:  Oh yeah?  Well, General George S. Patton was a little nuts.  And 
this guy's completely out of his mind.  We can't fail!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Bart:  Okay, we all know why we're here, right?

Milhouse:  No, why?

Bart:  To fight Nelson, the bully.  That guy has been tormenting all of us 
for years, and I for one am sick of it!  I can't promise you victory.  I 
can't promise you good times.  But the one thing I do know... 
... Whoa!  Whoa!  I promise you victory!  I promise you good times!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Bart:  I got a B in arithmetic.

Army:          I got a B in arithmetic.

Bart:  Would have got an A but I was sick.

Army:          Would have got an A but I was sick.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Bart:  We are rubber, you are glue.

Army:          We are rubber, you are glue.

Bart:  It bounces off of us and sticks to you.

Army:          It bounces off of us and sticks to you.

Bart:  Sound off.

Army:          One!  Two!

Bart:  Sound off!

Army:          Three!!  Four!!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Bart:  What's the matter with you, soldier!

Boy:  It's my nerves, sir.  I just can't stand the barking any more.

Bart:  Your nerves! [slaps the kid] I won't have cowards in my army.

Grampa:  Sorry, Bart.  You can push them out of a plane, you can march them 
off a cliff, you can send them off to die on some God-forsaken rock, but 
for some reason you can't slap them.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Bart:  In English class I did the best.

Army:          In English class I did the best.

Bart:  Because I cheated on the test.

Army:          Because I cheated on the test.

Bart:  Sound off.

Army:          One!  Two!

Bart:  I can't hear you!

Army:          Three!!  Four!!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Bart:  We are happy, we are merry.

Army:          We are happy, we are merry.

Bart:  We got a rhyming dictionary.

Army:          We got a rhyming dictionary.

Bart:  Sound off.

Army:          One!  Two!

Bart:  One more time!

Army:          Three!  Four!

Bart:  Bring it on home now!

Army:          One!  Two!  Three!  Four!  One!  Two!  ... Three-Four!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Bart:  Intelligence reports that Nelson shakes down kids at the video 
arcade for quarters, then heads to the Kwik-E-Mart for a cherry Squishee.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Herman:  When he leaves the Kwik-E-Mart, we start the saturation bombing.  
You got the water balloons?

Bart: [salutes] Two hundred rounds, sir. [holds a balloon] Is it okay if 
they say `Happy Birthday' on the side?

Herman:  Urgh.  I'd rather they say `Death from Above', but I guess we're 
stuck.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Grampa:  I thought I was too old.  I thought my time had passed.  I thought 
I'd never hear the screams of pain, or see the look of terror in a man's 
eyes.  Thank heaven for children!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Bart:  You learned your lesson, so now I'll untie you.

Nelson:  The second you untie me, I'm gonna beat you todeath, man.

Bart:  If that's gonna be your attitude, I'm never gonna untie you.

Nelson:  You're going to have to, sometime.

Bart:  O-o-oh.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Herman:  "Article Four: Nelson is never again to raise his fists in anger.  
Article Five: Nelson recognizes Bart's right to exist.  Article Six: 
Although Nelson shall have no official power, he shall remain a figurehead 
of menace in the neighborhood."

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
Bart:  Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls.  Contrary to what you've just 
seen, war is neither glamorous nor fun.  There are no winners, only losers. 
 There are no good wars, with the following exceptions: the American 
Revolution; World War II; and the Star Wars Trilogy.  If you'd like to 
learn more about war, there's lots of books in your local library, many of 
them with cool, gory pictures.  Well, good night, everybody.  Peace, man.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G05 - Bart the General.

%
I WILL NOT INSTIGATE REVOLUTION

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G06 - Moaning Lisa.

%
Homer:  Where the hell are my keys?  Who stole my keys? [looking under 
Maggie] Come on, I'm late for work!

Marge:  Oh, Homer.  You'd lose your head if it weren't securely fastened to 
your neck.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G06 - Moaning Lisa.

%
Marge:  I'm still trying to figure out what's bothering Lisa.  I don't 
know... Bart's such a handful, and Maggie needs attention, but all the 
while, our little Lisa's becoming a young woman.

Homer:  Oh, so that's it, this is some kind of underwear thing.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G06 - Moaning Lisa.

%
Bleeding Gums Murphy:  The Blues isn't about feeling better, it's about 
making other people feel *worse*, and making a few bucks while you're at it.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G06 - Moaning Lisa.

%
Marge:  Lisa!  Get away from that jazz man!

Lisa:  But Mom!  Can I stay a little longer?  Can I Mom, can I?

Marge:  Come on, come on.  We were worried about you. [to Bleeding Gums 
Murphy] Nothing personal, I just fear the unfamiliar.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G06 - Moaning Lisa.

%
Marge:  Do you think you could be nice enough to your sister, Bart?

Bart:  Oh yeah, easy.

Marge:  You do love her don't you?

Bart: [whining] Oh Mom...

Marge:  Well you do, don't you?

Bart: [Squriming] Don't make me say it.  You know the answer, I know the 
answer, he knows the answer, let's just drop it, ok?

Marge:  Okay, Bart, you don't have to say it, but you do have to have a 
loving attitude.  Be nice to your sister.

Bart: [reluctantly] Okey dokey.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G06 - Moaning Lisa.

%
Homer:  Give me some quarters... I'm doing my laundry.

Clerk: [dispensing quarters] Yeah, right.

Homer:  Where's the video boxing?

Clerk:  Over there in the corner.  If I were you I really *would* use those 
quarters for laundry.

Homer: [aside] Wise guy.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G06 - Moaning Lisa.

%
Marge:  Now Lisa, listen to me, this is important.  I want you to smile 
today.

Lisa:  But I don't feel like smiling.

Marge:  Well it doesn't matter how you feel inside, you know?  It's what 
shows up on the surface that counts.  That's what my mother taught me.  
Take all your bad feelings and push them down, all the way down, past your 
knees until you're almost walking on them.  And then you'll fit in, and 
you'll be invited to parties, and boys will like you, and happiness will 
follow.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G06 - Moaning Lisa.

%
Boy1:  Hey, nice smile.

Lisa:  Thanks.

Boy2:  Hey, what are you talking to her for?  She's just going to say 
something weird.

Lisa:  Not me!

Boy1:  You know, I used to think you were some sort of a Brainiac, but, I 
guess you're okay, and...

Lisa:  Uh-huh.

Boy2:  Hey, why don't you come over to my house after practice.  You can do 
my homework.

Lisa: [forced] Okay.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G06 - Moaning Lisa.

%
Mr. Largo:  Miss Simpson, I hope we won't have a repeat of yesterday's 
outburst of `Unbridled Creativity'.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G06 - Moaning Lisa.

%
Marge:  Always be yourself.  If you want to be sad, honey, be sad. We'll 
ride it out with you.  And when you get finished feeling sad, we'll still 
be there.  From now on, let me do the smiling for both of us.

Lisa:  Okay, Mom.

Marge:  I said you could stop smiling, Lisa.

Lisa:  I feel like smiling.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G06 - Moaning Lisa.

%
Bart+Lisa:  HAP-PY BIRTH-DAY!

Homer: [alarmed] Aaggh!  Whaa... What!

Lisa:  Here's your birthday breakfast!

Marge: [delighted] Ooh!  Well isn't this nice!

Homer:  My birthday?

Lisa:  No!

Homer:  It's my birthday!  What did I get?  I *love* birthdays!

Marge: [angrily] No Homer, it's mine!

Bart:  You don't even know your own wife's birthday?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G11 - Life on the Fast Lane.

%
Marge:  Patty, he's out buying me something right now.

Patty:  Oh Marge, he never gets you anything *you* want.  He always gets 
something for himself.

Selma: [mumbles] The tackle box...

Patty:  Remember when he got you the tackle box?

Selma: [mumbles] ... and the Chung calendar.

Patty:  And when he `surprised' you with the Connie Chung calendar?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G11 - Life on the Fast Lane.

%
Jacques:  Many people have senseless attachments to heavy clumsy things 
such as this Homer of yours.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G11 - Life on the Fast Lane.

%
Homer:  Hot pizza, the food of kings!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G11 - Life on the Fast Lane.

%
Jacques:  Meet me tomorrow for Brunch.

Marge:  What's Brunch?

Jacques:  You'd love it,  It's not quite breakfast, it's not quite lunch, 
but it comes with a slice of cantaloupe at the end.  You don't get 
completely what you would at breakfast, but you get a good meal!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G11 - Life on the Fast Lane.

%
Bart:  O-ho!  School bus!

Marge: [holding out huge paper bags] Here you go kids.  Special lunches!  
Lots of good things for growing bodies, and some treats just for fun.

Bart:  Aye Carumba!

Lisa:  Are you going bowling again tonight Mom?

Marge:  Yes I am, as a matter of fact.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G11 - Life on the Fast Lane.

%
Bart:  Hmm, Great lunches, hey Lis?

Lisa:  Oh, Bart.  Don't you see?  This is what psychologists call 
"over-compensation".  Mom is wracked with guilt because their marriage is 
failing.

Bart:  Hey, don't rock the boat Man.  Whatever it is, we're making out like 
bandits.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G11 - Life on the Fast Lane.

%
Lisa:  Bart, I've read about what happens to kids who's parents no longer 
love and cherish each other.  They go through eight separate stages.  Right 
now I'm in stage three, Fear.  You're in stage two, Denial.

Bart: [whining] No I'm not.

Lisa:  Yes you are.

Bart: [more adamant] No I'm not!

Lisa:  Yes you are!

Bart:  Am not!  Am not!  Am not!

Lisa:  I stand corrected...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G11 - Life on the Fast Lane.

%

Helen:  Ahem, well, byebye.  See you in church on Sunday, Marge.

Marge: [toneless] Good-bye Helen.

Jacques:  Goodbye Helen. ... You have a lovely friend there.  Let's hope 
something runs over her.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G11 - Life on the Fast Lane.

%
Bart:  Lisa!  Lisa!  I think you're right about Dad.  There's something 
very very wrong here.

Lisa:  Bart, welcome to stage three, Fear.

Bart:  Well come on!  We've got to do something man!

Lisa:  Sorry Bart, I would love to help you but I am mired in stage five: 
self-pity.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G11 - Life on the Fast Lane.

%
Bart:  Look Dad, I don't know what's going on, but once you gave me some 
advice that might help.

Homer:  I gave you advice?  Get outta here.

Bart:  Yeah, you did.  You told me when something's bothering you, and 
you're too damn stupid to know what to do, just keep your fool mouth shut.  
At least that way you won't make things worse.

Homer:  Hmmm, good advice.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G11 - Life on the Fast Lane.

%
Homer:  Marge, may I.. speak to you?

Marge:  Sure.

Homer:  You know, I've been thinking.  Everyone makes peanut butter and 
jelly sandwiches, but usually the jelly drips out over the sides and the 
guy's hands get all sticky.  But your jelly stays right in the middle where 
it's supposed to.  I don't know how you do it.  You've just got a gift I 
guess, and I've always thought so,  I've just never mentioned it.  But it's 
time you knew how I feel.  I don't believe in keeping feelings bottled up.  
[pause] Goodbye my wife.

Marge:  ... Goodbye Homer.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G11 - Life on the Fast Lane.

%
Lenny:  Ain't you hungry Homer?

Homer:  Starving.

Lenny:  Then why aren't you eating your sandwich?

Homer:  How can I eat it?  She made it.  It's all I have left.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G11 - Life on the Fast Lane.

%
[Marge interrupts Homer at work]

Homer:  Marge!  What a lovely surprise! ... You're here to see me, right?

Marge:  Of course!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G11 - Life on the Fast Lane.

%
Supervisor:  Hey, what will I tell the boss?

Homer:  Tell him I'm going to the back seat of my car, with the woman I 
love, and I won't be back for *ten* minutes!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G11 - Life on the Fast Lane.

%
GARLIC GUM IS NOT FUNNY

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G13 - The Crepes of Wrath.

%
Mrs. Skinner:  This is the Bart Simpson you're always talking about?

Principal Skinner:  Mm hm.

Mrs. Skinner:  Why, he looks so sweet!

Bart:  I am, ma'am.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G13 - The Crepes of Wrath.

%
Homer:  Oh, hello, Principal Skinner.  I'd get up, but the boy crippled me.

Principal Skinner:  Mm hm.  I understand completely.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G13 - The Crepes of Wrath.

%
Principal Skinner:  Mr. and Mrs. Simpson, we have transcended incorrigible. 
 I don't think suspension or expulsion will do the trick.  I think it 
behooves us all to consider... deportation.

Marge:  Deportation!?  You mean, kick Bart out of the country?

Homer:  Eh, hear him out, Marge.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G13 - The Crepes of Wrath.

%
Principal Skinner:  Our elementary school participates in a foreign 
exchange program.  Normally, a student is selection on the basis of 
academic excellence or intelligence.  But in Bart's case... I'm prepared to 
make a *big* exception.  And if you're willing to play along, he can be 
spending the next three months studying far, far away.

Homer:  Sounds great!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G13 - The Crepes of Wrath.

%
Principal Skinner:  He'd be staying in France, in a lovely chateau in the 
heart of the wine country.

Marge:  But Bart doesn't speak French.

Skinner:  Oh, when he's fully immersed in a foreign language, the average 
child can become fluent in weeks!

Homer:  Yeah, but what about Bart?

Skinner:  I'm sure he'll pick up enough to get by.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G13 - The Crepes of Wrath.

%
Principal Skinner:  You'll be getting an Albanian.

Homer:  You mean, all white with pink eyes?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G13 - The Crepes of Wrath.

%
Lisa:  What do you know about France?

Bart:  I know I'm going and you're not.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G13 - The Crepes of Wrath.

%
Homer: [to Bart] While you're seeing all those wonderful sights always 
remember that you're representing your country.  I guess what I'm saying 
is...  Don't mess up France the way you messed up your room.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G13 - The Crepes of Wrath.

%
Lisa:  You know, in Albania, the unit of currency is called the lek.

Homer:  Heh heh heh.  The lek!

Lisa:  And the national flag is a two-headed eagle on a red field.

Homer:  Give me the ol' stars-and-stripes!

Lisa:  And the main export is furious political thought.

Homer:  Political what?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G13 - The Crepes of Wrath.

%
Principal Skinner: [addressing the assembly hall] You might find his accent 
peculiar.  Certain aspects of his culture may seem absurd, perhaps even 
offensive.  But I urge you all to give little Adil the benefit of the 
doubt.  This way - and only in this way - can we hope to better understand 
our backward neighbors throughout the world.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G13 - The Crepes of Wrath.

%
Homer:  Hey, Lenny, does this place have one of those plutonium isolation 
deals?

Lenny:  Yeah, in Sector 12.

Homer:  Sector 12?

Lenny:  Third floor, by the candy machine.

Homer:  Oh, *that* Sector 12!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G13 - The Crepes of Wrath.

%
Marge:  My, all this senseless violence.  I don't understand the appeal.

Bart:  We don't expected you to, Mom.

Lisa:  If cartoons were meant for adults, they'd put them on in prime time.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G12 - Krusty Gets Busted.

%
Homer: [examinging the contents of the ice cream freezer] Mmm...  
Chocolate...  Ooooh, double chocolate...  [gasps] New flavour!  Triple 
chocolate!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G12 - Krusty Gets Busted.

%
Krusty: [holding a gun] Hand over all your money in a paper bag.

Apu:  Yes, yes.  I know the procedure for armed robbery.  I do work in a 
convenience store, you know.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G12 - Krusty Gets Busted.

%
Apu: [to Homer hiding among the snacks] You can emerge now from my chips.  
The opportunity to prove yourself a hero is long gone.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G12 - Krusty Gets Busted.

%
Krusty:  Hey, what's going on, here?

Wiggum:  Krusty the Clown, you're under arrest for armed robbery.  You have 
the right to remain silent.  Anything you say, blah blah blah, blah blah 
blah blah blah.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G12 - Krusty Gets Busted.

%
Homer:  Bart, you know that guy on your lunchbox?

Bart:  Oh, you mean Krusty the Clown?

Homer:  He's sort of a hero of yours, isn't he?

Bart:  Are you kidding?  He's my idol!  I've based my life on Krusty's 
teaching.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G12 - Krusty Gets Busted.

%
Judge:  Krusty the Clown, how do you plead?

Krusty: [brightly] I plead guilty, your honor. ... Oh, heh heh heh, not 
guilty, heh heh heh.  Opening-night jitters, your honor.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G12 - Krusty Gets Busted.

%
Marge:  These toys are just adorable.  Who would have guessed they were 
inspired
by an insane criminal genius.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G12 - Krusty Gets Busted.

%
Bart:  Dad, you're giving in to mob mentality!

Homer:  No I'm not, I'm hopping on the bandwagon!  Now come on, son, get 
with the winning team!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G12 - Krusty Gets Busted.

%
Rev. Lovejoy:  Good people, I'm so happy you're all here tonight.  But 
please, just a few words of caution.  Now, we are going to set this pile of 
evil ablaze, but because these are children's toys, the fire will spread 
quickly, so please stand back and try not to inhale the toxic fumes.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G12 - Krusty Gets Busted.

%
Bart:  I bet I can prove Krusty's innocent, but... I need your help.

Lisa:  You do?  Why?

Bart:  Oh, come on, Lis, you know why.

Lisa:  No!  Why?

Bart:  I'll never forgive you for making me say this, but... [sigh] You're 
smarter than me.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G12 - Krusty Gets Busted.

%
Sideshow Bob:  So what's on your mind, Bart?  Is it that other children 
don't accept you?

Bart:  Sure, Sideshow Bob, but that doesn't bother me.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G12 - Krusty Gets Busted.

%
Sideshow Bob:  I would've gotten away with it, too, if it weren't for these 
meddling kids.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G12 - Krusty Gets Busted.

%
Sideshow Bob:  Treat kids like equals!  They're people too!  They're 
smarter than you think!  They were smart enough to catch me!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G12 - Krusty Gets Busted.

%
Moe:  Homer, Marge is right, you are a pig!  You can ask anyone in this 
bar!

Homer:  What!?  Hey Barney, am I a pig?

Barney:  You're even more of a pig than I am.  *burp*

Moe:  See, you're a pig.  Barney's a pig, Larry's a pig, we're all pigs!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7G01 - Some Enchanted Evening.

%
Marge:  Hello, everyone.  You know, Hallowe'en is a very strange holiday.  
Personally, I don't understand it.  Mmmm...  Kids worshipping ghosts, 
pretending to be devils.  Oooh, things on TV that are *completely* 
inappropriate for younger viewers.  Things like the following half hour.
Nothing seems to bother *my* kids. But tonight's show, which I totally wash 
my hands of, is really scary.  So if you have sensitive children, maybe you 
should tuck them into bed early tonight instead of writing us angry letters 
tomorrow.  Thanks for your attention.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F04 - Treehouse of Horror (Introduction).

%
Lisa:  It looks like a vortex.  A gateway into another dimension.

Homer:  Oooh, a vortex.  [throwing in an orange] Catch!  [it disappears 
like a collapsing TV picture with a pop] Heeeeey!  Pretty slick!

[a crumpled-up piece of paper comes back]

Lisa: [reading the message] "Quit throwing your garbage into our 
dimension."

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F04 - Treehouse of Horror (Bad Dream House).

%
Lisa:  I can feel an evil presence in this house.

Marge:  Evil!?

Homer:  Quiet, Lisa.  You're scaring your mother.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F04 - Treehouse of Horror (Bad Dream House).

%
Haunted house:  They are all against you, Bart... You must kill them all... 
 
They all must die...

Bart:  Are you my conscience?

House:  I ... Yes, I am.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F04 - Treehouse of Horror (Bad Dream House).

%
Marge:  This family's had its differences, and we've squabbled, but we 
never had knife fights before.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F04 - Treehouse of Horror (Bad Dream House).

%
Lisa:  It's an ancient Indian burial ground...

Bart:  Man, this place has got everything!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F04 - Treehouse of Horror (Bad Dream House).

%
Homer:  Mr. Bloot?  Homer Simpson here.  When you sold me this house, you 
forgot to mention one little thing:  YOU DIDN'T TELL ME IT WAS BUILT ON AN 
INDIAN BURIAL GROUND!  ...   NO YOU DIDN'T!  ...  Well, that's not my 
recollection. ... Yeah?  Well, all right, goodbye!  [angrily hangs up] He 
said he mentioned it five or six times.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F04 - Treehouse of Horror (Bad Dream House).

%
Haunted house:  You will diiiiieeeee.  You will die slowwwwwwwly.  Your 
stomach will swelllllllll, your intestines will wriiiithe and booooil.  
Your eeeeeyes will buuuuurst.  And some horrible stuuuuuuuff, possibly your 
braiiiiin, will start coming out through your noooooooose.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F04 - Treehouse of Horror (Bad Dream House).

%
Bart:  Do it again!

Haunted house:  What?

Bart:  Make the walls bleed.

House:  No!

Bart:  Hey, man, we own you.  Let's see some blood!

House:  I don't have to entertain *you*.

Bart:  Come on, man, do it.  Do the blood thing.  Come on, do it.  Do it, 
do it, do it, do it, do it!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F04 - Treehouse of Horror (Bad Dream House).

%
Haunted house:  Hm...  Life with the Simpsons.  What choice do I have?

[The house folds in on itself and implodes in a flash.]

Bart:  Bitchin'!

Lisa:  It chose to destroy itself rather than live with us.  One can't help 
but feel a little rejected.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F04 - Treehouse of Horror (Bad Dream House).

%
Kang:  Greetings.  I am Kang.  Do not be frightened.  We mean you no harm.

Marge:  You, you speak English.

Kang:  I am actually speaking Rigelian.  By an astonishing coincidence, 
both of our languages are exactly the same.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F04 - Treehouse of Horror (Hungry are the Damned).

%
Kang:  Kodos and I are taking you to Rigel IV, a world of infinite delights 
to tantalize your senses and challenge your intellectual limitations.

Lisa:  Look, I know that to you, we Simpsons are a lower order of life. We 
face that prejudice every day of our lives...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F04 - Treehouse of Horror (Hungry are the Damned).

%
Marge:  Radish rosettes!  These are hard to make.  They're a very advanced 
race.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F04 - Treehouse of Horror (Hungry are the Damned).

%
Kodos: [drooling] Your wife is quite a... dish.

Homer:  Oooh, thanks.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F04 - Treehouse of Horror (Hungry are the Damned).

%
Alien:  On this cable system, we receive over one million channels from the 
furthest reaches of the galaxy.

Bart:  Do you get HBO?

Alien:  No, that would cost extra.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F04 - Treehouse of Horror (Hungry are the Damned).

%
Homer:  Nobody, but NOBODY, eats the Simpsons!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F04 - Treehouse of Horror (Hungry are the Damned).

%
Kang:  We offered you paradise.  You would have experienced emotions a 
hundred times greater than what you call love.  And a thousand times 
greater than what you call fun.  You would have been treated like gods and 
lived forever in beauty.  But, now, because of your distrustful nature, 
that can never be.

Marge: [aside] Mmmm.  For a superior race, they really rub it in.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F04 - Treehouse of Horror (Hungry are the Damned).

%
Lisa:  There *were* monsters on that ship, and truly we were them.

Marge:  Lisa, see what we mean when we say you're too smart for your own 
good?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F04 - Treehouse of Horror (Hungry are the Damned).

%
Lisa:  Once upon a midnight dreary, ...

Narrator: ... while I pondered, weak and weary,
Over many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten lore ...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F04 - Treehouse of Horror (The Raven).

%
Narrator:  While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping,
As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door ...

Homer:  "'Tis some visiter,"

Narrator:  I muttered,

Homer:  "tapping at my chamber door
Only this and nothing more."

Bart:  Are we scared yet?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F04 - Treehouse of Horror (The Raven).

%
Homer:  "'Tis some visiter entreating entrance at my chamber door ...
This it is and nothing more."

Narrator:  Presently my soul grew stronger; hesitating then no longer,

Homer:  "Sir,"

Narrator:  said I,

Homer:  "or Madam, truly your forgiveness I implore;
But the fact is I was napping, and so gently you came rapping,
And so faintly you came tapping, tapping at my chamber door,
That I scarce was sure I heard you "

Narrator:  ... here I opened wide the door;

Bart: [impatiently] This better be good.

Narrator:  Darkness there and nothing more.

Homer:  Huh?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F04 - Treehouse of Horror (The Raven).

%
Bart:  You know what would have been scarier than nothing?

Lisa:  What?

Bart:  ANYTHING!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F04 - Treehouse of Horror (The Raven).

%
Homer:  "Though thy crest be shorn and shaven, thou,"

Narrator:  I said,

Homer:  "art sure no craven,
Ghastly grim and ancient Raven wandering from the Nightly shore ...
Tell me what thy lordly name is on the Night's Plutonian shore!"

Narrator:  Quoth the Raven:

Bart/Raven:  Eat my shorts!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F04 - Treehouse of Horror (The Raven).

%
Homer:  "Take thy beak from out my heart, and take thy form from off my 
door!"

Narrator:  Quoth the Raven

Bart/Raven:  "Nevermore."

Homer:  Why you little...!

Bart/Raven:  Uh-oh!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F04 - Treehouse of Horror (The Raven).

%
I WILL NOT SELL SCHOOL PROPERTY

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F10 - Bart Gets Hit by a Car.

%
Smithers:  I think the boy is hurt.

Montgomery Burns:  Oh for crying out loud, just give him a nickel and let's 
get going.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F10 - Bart Gets Hit by a Car.

%
Bart:  Hey, cool.  I'm dead.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F10 - Bart Gets Hit by a Car.

%
Bart:  I'm Bart Simpson.  Who the hell are you?

Satan:  Please allow me to introduce myself...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F10 - Bart Gets Hit by a Car.

%
Satan:  According to this, you're not due to arrive until the Yankees
wins the pennant.  That's nearly a century from now.  Boy is my face red.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F10 - Bart Gets Hit by a Car.

%
Bart:  Um, say, is there anything I can do to avoid coming back here?

Satan:  Oh, sure, yeah.  But, eh, you wouldn't like it.

Bart:  Oh, okay!  See you later, then.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F10 - Bart Gets Hit by a Car.

%
Satan:  Remember:  Lie, cheat, steal, and listen to heavy metal music!

Bart:  Yes, sir!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F10 - Bart Gets Hit by a Car.

%
Hutz:  Hutz is the name, Mr. Simpson.  Lionel Hutz, attorney at law.  
Here's my card.  It turns into a sponge when you put it in water.

Homer:  Ooh, classy.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F10 - Bart Gets Hit by a Car.

%
Lisa:  Excuse me, Mr. Hutz.  Are you a shyster?

Lionel Hutz:  How does a nice little girl like you know a big word like 
that?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F10 - Bart Gets Hit by a Car.

%
Marge:  Is he well enough for me to start mothering him unbearably, doctor?

Dr. Hibbert:  Mm, better let him rest up a while first.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F10 - Bart Gets Hit by a Car.

%
Homer:  If I wasn't so spineless, I'd march into Mr. Burns' office right 
now and...

Smithers:  Simpson!

Homer:  Aah!

Smithers:  Mr. Burns wants you to march into his office right now!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F10 - Bart Gets Hit by a Car.

%
Lionel Hutz: [to Homer] Mr. Simpson, the state bar forbids me from 
promising you a big cash settlement.  But just between you and me, I 
promise you a big cash settlement.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F10 - Bart Gets Hit by a Car.

%
Lawyer:  My client has instructed me to remind the court how wealthy and 
important he is.

Montgomery Burns:  I should be able to run over as many kids as I want!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F10 - Bart Gets Hit by a Car.

%
Judge:  Mr. Burns, I must warn you that if you continue to disrupt the 
court in this way, I will have to cite you for contempt.

Montgomery Burns:  You wouldn't dare!

Judge:  Well, no, um, I guess I wouldn't.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F10 - Bart Gets Hit by a Car.

%
Judge:  Hello, Bart.  Now, you do understand the difference between telling 
the truth and telling a lie, don't you son?

Bart:  Maybe.

Judge:  Uh huh.  Well, you wouldn't lie to the United States, would you,
Bart?

Homer and Lionel Hutz: [prompting, whispering] No!  No!

Bart:  No.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F10 - Bart Gets Hit by a Car.

%
Montgomery Burns: [to his legal team] Hang your heads in shame, you 
overpriced, underbrained glorified notary publics!  Just get that big ape 
to my house tonight and we'll buy him off with a banana or two!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F10 - Bart Gets Hit by a Car.

%
Montgomery Burns:  And that ugly customer was the last Indonesian rhino on 
earth.

Marge:  Hm, I didn't know you liked animals.

Burns:  Oh, I don't like everything about them.  Just their heads.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F10 - Bart Gets Hit by a Car.

%
Homer:  Mr. Burns, are you trying to get me drunk?

Montgomery Burns:  Yes.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F10 - Bart Gets Hit by a Car.

%
I WILL NOT GET VERY FAR WITH THIS ATTITUDE

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F12 - The Way We Was.

%
Homer:  Do you two have to sit so close to the TV?  Back up, or it'll hurt 
your eyes.

Bart:  It will not.

Homer: [making a fist] Yes, it will...


[bangs on the TV and the picture gets worse]

Bart:  Looks like you lost the patient, Doc.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F12 - The Way We Was.

%
Homer: [fiddling with the back of the set] Is that better?

Lisa+Bart:  NOOOO!

Homer:  How's this? [picture gets worse]

Lisa+Bart:  AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!

Homer:  Okay, everybody remain calm.

[gives the TV a big whack; picture disappears]

Lisa+Bart:  AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F12 - The Way We Was.

%
Bart:  I'm livin' it, but I ain't lovin' it.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F12 - The Way We Was.

%
Lisa:  How did Dad propose to you?

Marge:  Oh, well...

[ flashback ]

Doctor: [to Young Marge] Well, uh, Miss Bouvier, I think we've found the 
reason why you've been throwing up in the morning.  Congratulations.

Young Homer:  Doh!

[end flashback ]

Marge:  Lisa, I'd rather tell you a different story ...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F12 - The Way We Was.

%
[Flashback to High School]

Young Barney:  Hey, Homer, you're late for English!

Young Homer:  Pffft, English.  Who needs that.  I'm never going to England.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F12 - The Way We Was.

%
[Flashback to High School]

Young Barney:  Oh no, we're late for wood shop!

Young Homer:  But... we're early for lunch!  Let's go grab a burger.

Young Barney:  Boy, you never stop eating and you never gain a pound.

Young Homer:  It's my metabomolism.  I guess I'm just one of the lucky ones.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F12 - The Way We Was.

%
[Flashback to High School, Homer and Barney caught smoking in the loos.]

Mr. Dondelinger:  If it isn't Homer Simpsons and Barney Gumble, 
Springfield's answer to Cheech and Chong.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F12 - The Way We Was.

%
Marge:  The first step to liberation is to free ourselves from these 
male-imposed shackles! [lights a bra] [foom]

Friend:  I didn't think it would burn so fast.

Marge:  Mm, I guess it's the tissue paper inside.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F12 - The Way We Was.

%
Barney:  Hey, Estelle?  Will you go to the prom with me?

Estelle:  I wouldn't go to the prom with you if you were Elliot Gould!

Barney:  Oh, shot down again...

Homer:  Hey, don't worry, Barney, it's a big school.  There's got to be a 
girl nobody *else* wants to take the the prom.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F12 - The Way We Was.

%
[Flash back to High School, and detention]

Young Homer:  So, uh, what are you in for?

Young Marge:  I'm a political prisoner.  Last time *I* ever take a stand...

Young Homer:  Well, I'm here for being me.  Every day, I show up, act like 
me, and they slap me in here.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F12 - The Way We Was.

%
Lisa:  So it was love a first sight!

Bart:  It was a jailhouse romance, man!

Homer:  I reached Step One: she knew I existed.  The only problem was, she 
didn't care.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F12 - The Way We Was.

%
Counselor:  Do you have any plans for after graduation?

Young Homer:  Me?  I'm gonna drink a lot of beer and stay out ALL NIGHT.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F12 - The Way We Was.

%
Young Homer:  Heh, heh, Imagine me in a nuclear power plant. KaBOOM!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F12 - The Way We Was.

%
Young Homer:  My name's Homer Simpson, I'd like to sign up for something
.

Mrs. Blumenstein:  Well, we have an opening on the debate team.

Young Homer:  Debate, like, arguing?

Mrs. Blumenstein:  Yes.

Young Homer:  I'll take THAT, you DINGPOT!  Just warming up, Mrs. 
Blumenstein.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F12 - The Way We Was.

%
Mrs. Blumenstein:  This year's topic is `Resolved:  The national speed 
limit should be lowered to 55 miles per hour.'

Homer:  55? That's ridiculous!  Sure, it'll save a few lives, but millions 
will be late!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F12 - The Way We Was.

%
Homer:  Wait a minute.  That word you keep calling me?

Artie:  Ignoramus?

Homer:  Ignoramus?  It means I'm stupid, doesn't it!

Artie:  There is a difference between ignorance and stupidity.

Homer:  Not to me, there isn't!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F12 - The Way We Was.

%
Mrs. Blumenstein:  Homer, would you like to present your rebuttal?

Homer:  With pleasure.  [turns around and moons the class]

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F12 - The Way We Was.

%
Bart:  Great story. [bangs TV] Positively spellbinding. [bangs TV] [to TV] 
Damn you.

Homer:  Bart!  Pay attention, you may be telling this to your *own* son if 
something breaks.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F12 - The Way We Was.

%
Mrs. Bouvier:  If you pinch your cheeks, they'll glow.  A little more, try 
to break some capillaries, dear.

Marge:  Couldn't we use just rouge for this?

Mrs. Bouvier:  Ladies pinch.  Whores use rouge.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F12 - The Way We Was.

%
Selma:  Marge's dates get homelier all the time.

Patty:  That's what you get when you don't put out.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F12 - The Way We Was.

%
Driver:  Well, where to now, Romeo?

Homer:  Inspiration point.

Driver:  Okay, but I'm only paid to drive.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F12 - The Way We Was.

%
[Flashback]

Young Homer: [to young Marge] I've got a problem.  Once you stop this car, 
I'm going to hug  you, and kiss you, and then I'll never be able to let you 
go.

[back to the present]

Homer:  And I never have.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F12 - The Way We Was.

%
I WILL NOT SELL SCHOOL PROPERTY

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F14 - Bart's Dog Gets an F.

%
Bart:  No way, she's faking!  If Lisa[?] stays home, *I* stay home.

Lisa:  If Bart stays home, I'm going to school.

Bart:  Fine, then...  Wait a minute... [his eyes dart rapidly back and 
forth] If Lisa goes to school, then I go to school, but then Lisa stays 
home, so I stay home, so Lisa goes to school...

Marge: Lisa, don't confuse your brother like that.
     
     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F14 - Bart's Dog Gets an F.

%
Bart: Here's your stupid homework.

Lisa: Ooh.  Phonics, functions, vocabulary, ... remedial reading?  Oh, do 
your own homework, Bart!

Bart: D'oh!
     
     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F14 - Bart's Dog Gets an F.

%
Girl:  Aloha!  Would you like a free sample?

Homer: [guttonously guzzling samples] The price is right!  Mmm..  Ooh.. 
Macamadamia nuts.

Girl:  If you'd like to buy some, they're only a dollar each.

Homer:  Oh, so *that's* your little plan.  Get us addicted, then jack up 
the price!  ... [meekly] Well, you win.
     
     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F14 - Bart's Dog Gets an F.

%
Homer:  Everybody in the kitchen.  We're having a family meeting.

Bart:  We've never had a family meeting before.

Homer: [looking at Santa's Little Helper] We've never had a problem with a 
family member we can give away before.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F14 - Bart's Dog Gets an F.

%
Homer: [sniffling] Oh Lisa.  If they're ver going to pull the plug on me, I 
want you in my corner.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F14 - Bart's Dog Gets an F.

%
I WILL NOT SLEEP THROUGH EDUCATION

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F22 - Blood Feud.

%
Homer:  The joke's on them - if the core explodes there won't be any power 
to light that sign.


%
Lenny:  I'd give him my blood except for one thing.

Carl:  What's that?

Lenny:  I don't wanna.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F22 - Blood Feud.

%
Homer:  I can't believe you guys.  There's a human being out there with 
millions of dollars who needs our help.  And you don't want to cash in?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F22 - Blood Feud.

%
Montgomery Burns:  Smithers - I'm not going to make it.  I want to dictate 
my epitaph...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F22 - Blood Feud.

%
Homer:  Lisa-a-a...  I don't know what you're doing, but it's very strange, 
and Daddy's trying to worry.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F22 - Blood Feud.

%
Montgomery Burns: [of Homer] I could crush him like an ant.  But it would 
be too easy.  No, revenge is a dish best served cold.  I'll bide my time 
until...  Oh, what the hell.  I'll just crush him like an ant.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F22 - Blood Feud.

%
Montgomery Burns:  That's odd!  I've just robbed a man of his livelihood, 
and I feel a little empty.  I know - have him beaten to a pulp.

Smithers:  But...

Burns:  "But" *what*, Smithers?

Smithers:  But nothing, sir.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F22 - Blood Feud.

%
Moe:  What's the matter, Homer?  You're not your normal effervescent self.

Homer:  I got my problems, Moe.  Give me another one.

Moe:  Homer, hey.  You should not drink to forget your problems.

Barney:  Yeah.  You should only drink to enhance your social skills.  
*B-u-u-r-r-p!*

     [ ] The Simpsons - 7F22 - Blood Feud.

%
Marge:  Homer, it's the thought that counts.  The moral of the story is a 
good deed is its own reward.

Bart:  Hey, we *got* a reward.  The head is cool.

Marge:  Then... I guess the moral is no good deed goes unrewarded.

Homer:  Wait a minute.  If I hadn't written that nasty letter, we 
wouldn't've gotten anything.

Marge:  Well... Then I guess the moral is the squeaky wheel gets the grease.

Lisa:  Perhaps there is no moral to this story.

Homer:  Exactly!  Just a bunch of stuff that happened.

Marge:  But it certainly was a memorable few days.

Homer:  Amen to that!

[ ] The Simpsons - 7F22 - Blood Feud.

%
Homer:  Oh, Marge, don't blame yourself.  *I'm* the terrible parent.  The
boy bugs the hell out of me, I can't help Lisa with her homework.  ...  The
only thing I'm fit to take care of is a houseplant.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 3F10 - Team Homer.

%
Bailiff:  Do you promise to tell the truth the whole truth and nothing but 
the truth, so help you God?

Marge:  Mmm... Yes, I do.

Lionel Hutz:  She sounded like she was taking that awful seriously.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 3F10 - Team Homer.

%
Marge:  Homer, I'd like you to forgive me for doing the right thing.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 3F10 - Team Homer.

%
Homer:  Burns never gives money to anybody.  Just last week I asked him for
$1,500.

Marge:  For what?

Homer:  Oh, I gotta get the third degree from you too?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 3F10 - Team Homer.

%
Marge (reading):  "You'll all get yours in hell, you lying, thieving,"  
er... "blanking blankers.  Sincerely, Moe."

Homer:  Oh, great. Now we have to send him a card.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 5F07 - Miracle on Evergreen terrace.

%
Marge:  There's no shame in being a pariah.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 5F07 - Miracle on Evergreen terrace.

%
Montgomery Burns:  I guess there's nothing left but to kiss my sorry ass 
goodbye.

Smithers:  May *I* sir?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F04 - Homer Defined.

%
I WILL FINISH WHAT I ST...

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F05 - Like Father, Like Clown.

%
Homer:  Hee hee hee hee hee!  He's talking funny-talk!

Lisa:  No Dad, that's Hebrew!  Krusty must be Jewish.

Homer:  A Jewish entertainer?  Get out of here!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F05 - Like Father, Like Clown.

%
Lisa:  Dad, there are many prominent Jewish entertainers, including Lauren 
Bacall, Dinah Shore, William Shatner, and Mel Brooks.

Homer:  Mel Brooks is Jewish!?!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F05 - Like Father, Like Clown.

%
Bart:  Poor Krusty.

Lisa:  A man who envies our family is a man who needs help.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F05 - Like Father, Like Clown.

%
Bart:  Reverend Lovejoy, we need you to help us find a rabbi.

Rev. Lovejoy:  Well, um, before you make any rash decisions, let me just 
remind you that the church is changing to meet the needs of today's young 
Christians!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F05 - Like Father, Like Clown.

%
Lisa:  We're going to hit him where it hurts.  Right in the Judaica.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F05 - Like Father, Like Clown.

%
Mo:  I got something in my eye.

Barney:  Here - take my hankie.

Mo:  Bleuuch!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F05 - Like Father, Like Clown.

%
I WILL NOT FAKE RABIES

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F07 - Saturdays of Thunder.

%
Homer:  Patty!  Selma!  What a pleasant surprise!

Patty: [grunt] Whaddya know, he's wearing pants.

Selma:  I owe you a lunch.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F07 - Saturdays of Thunder.

%
Homer:  What's the quickest, cheapest, easiest way do do something with you?

Lisa:  Take us to the video store.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F07 - Saturdays of Thunder.

%
Video store assitant:  You wanna rent it, sir?

Homer:  Why, I just saw the best part.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F07 - Saturdays of Thunder.

%
Bart:  Hey, Martin, are you building a soapdox derby racer.

Martin:  In between a few other projects.  Now if you'll excuse me, 
gentlemen, I have some time booked at the wind tunnel.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F07 - Saturdays of Thunder.

%
Bart:  Dad!  I love you, but, you taught me to win.

Homer:  When did I ever teach you that?

Bart:  Well.  ...  I picked it up somewhere.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F07 - Saturdays of Thunder.

%
UNDERWEAR SHOULD BE WORN ON THE INSIDE

  Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F08 - Flaming Moe's.

%
Homer:  What's the matter, Moe?

Moe:  Ah, business is slow.  People today are healthier and drinking less.  
You know, if it wasn't for the junior high school next door, no one would 
even use the cigarette machine.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F08 - Flaming Moe's.

%
Moe:  Increased job satisfaction and family togetherness are poison for a 
purveyor of mind-numbing intoxicants like myself.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F08 - Flaming Moe's.

%
Moe:  Don't worry, Homer.  I leant to make lots of other drinks at 
bartenders' school.  Gin and... tonic? [astonished] Do they mix?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F08 - Flaming Moe's.

%
Homer:  I decided to mix the little bits that were left in every liquor 
bottle.  In my haste, I had grabbed a bottle of the kid's cough syrup. ... 
It passed the first test:  I didn't go blind.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F08 - Flaming Moe's.

%
Barney: [discovering the new salad bar] Hey, what's this?

Moe:  A sneeze guard.

Barney: [sneezes] Wow, it really works!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F08 - Flaming Moe's.

%
Bart: My father invented that drink, and if you'll allow me to 
demonstrate... [pulls out of brown paper bag a blender and bottles of 
liquor]

Mrs. Krabappel:  Bart, are those liquor bottles?

Bart: [as if this excused it] I brought enough for everybody.

Mrs. Krabappel:  Take those to the teachers' lounge!  You can have what's 
left at the end of the day.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F08 - Flaming Moe's.

%
Homer:  If there was any justice, my face would be on a bunch of crappy 
merchandise.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F08 - Flaming Moe's.

%
Bart:  Uh, yes, I'm looking for a friend of mine.  Last name Jass.  First 
name Hugh.

Moe:  Uh, hold on, I'll check.  [calling] Hugh Jass!  Somebody check 
themen's room for a Hugh Jass!

Hugh:  Uh, I'm Hugh Jass.

Moe:  Telephone.  [hands over the receiver]

Hugh:  Hello, this is Hugh Jass.

Bart: [surprised] Uh, hi.

Hugh:  Who's this?

Bart:  Bart Simpson.

Hugh:  Well, what can I do for you, Bart?

Bart:  Uh, look, I'll level with you, Mister.  This is a crank call that 
sort of backfired, and I'd like to bail out right now.

Hugh:  All right.  Better luck next time. [hangs up] What a nice young man.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F08 - Flaming Moe's.

%
Professor Frink:  Brace yourselves, gentlemen.  According to the gas 
chromatograph, the secret ingredient is...  Love!?  Who's been screwing 
with this thing!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F08 - Flaming Moe's.

%
Hutz:  This all goes back to the Frank Wallbanger case of '78.  How about 
that!  I looked something up!  These books behind me don't just make the 
office look good, they're filled with useful legal tidbits just like that!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F08 - Flaming Moe's.

%
Homer: [grumbles] Stupid Moe, non-inventing, recipe-stealing, pug-nosed...

Marge: Well, Homer, maybe you can get some consolation in the fact that 
something you created is making so many people happy.

Homer: [sickly sweet] Oh, look at me!  I'm making people happy!  I'm the 
Magical Man from Happy-Land, in a gumdrop house on Lollipop Lane!  ...  Oh, 
by the way, I was being sarcastic.

Marge: Well, DUH!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F08 - Flaming Moe's.

%
"Flaming Moe's"
 - Aerosmith

  When the weight of the world has got you down
  And you want to end your life
  Bills to pay, a dead-end job
  And problems with the wife
  But don't throw in the towel
  'Cause there's a place right down the block
  Where you can drink your misery away
  At Flaming Moe's
  Let's all go to Flaming Moe's
  Let's all go to Flaming Moe's
  When liquor in a mug
  Can warm you like a hug
  And happiness is just a Flaming Moe away
  Happiness is just a Flaming Moe away. 

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F08 - Flaming Moe's.

%
THE CHRISTMAS PAGENAT DOES NOT STINK

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F09 - Burns Verkaufen der Kraftwerk.

%
Montgomery Burns: [in german] Gentlemen, you're wasting your time. [he 
is handed a note offering $100,000,000 for the plant] Woo hoo!  [dances 
about a bit] Ahem.  I grudgingly accept.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F09 - Burns Verkaufen der Kraftwerk.

%
Horst:  Guten Morgen.  I am Horst.  The new owners have elected me to speak 
with you because I am the most non-threatening.  Perhaps I remind you of 
the loveable Sergeant Schultz on Hogan's Heroes.

All:   Oh yeah, yeah he does.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F09 - Burns Verkaufen der Kraftwerk.

%
Lenny:  Those lousy Germans can't fire me.  I'm the only one knows how to 
unjam the rod bottom dissociator.

Karl:  Well, they can't fire me.  I'm the only one certified to run the 
gaseous contaminant particular fire.

Homer:  Well, they can't fire me!

Len and Karl:  Why?

Homer:  Because... [long silence]

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F09 - Burns Verkaufen der Kraftwerk.

%
Horst: Homer, could ve have a word with you?

Homer: No.

Horst: I must have phrased that badly.  My English is, how you say, 
inelegant.  I meant to say, may we have a brief friendly chat.

Homer: No.

Horst: Once again, I have failed. [consults phrasebook] We request the 
pleasure of your company for a free exchange of ideas.

Homer: [runs away in panic]

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F09 - Burns Verkaufen der Kraftwerk.

%
Man 1:  You have been safety inspector for two years.  What initiatives 
have you spearheaded in that time?

Homer:  Uh... All of them?

Man 1: [unconvinced] I see. ... Then you must have some good ideas for the 
future as well?

Homer:  I sure do!

[long pause]

[pause continues]

Man 1:  Such as?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F09 - Burns Verkaufen der Kraftwerk.

%
Homer:  I'd stop the chocolate machine being so picky about dollar bills. 
... Uh, because the workers all like candy.

Horst:  We understand, Homer.  After all, we are from the land of chocolate!

Homer:  Mmmm... The land of chocolate...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F09 - Burns Verkaufen der Kraftwerk.

%
Horst: [over the tannoy] Attention workers, we have completed our 
evaluation of the plant.  We regret to announce the following lay-offs, 
which I will read in alphabetical order:
       Simpson, Homer.
...
That is all.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F09 - Burns Verkaufen der Kraftwerk.

%
Homer: [poking around in the toaster with a fork] Lousy German 
know-it-alls.  Who are they to say I'm not safe.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F09 - Burns Verkaufen der Kraftwerk.

%
[The family are hving to economise]

Lisa:  I made a new bar of soap by squeezing all our little soap slivers 
together!  [holds up a multi-coloured ball of soap slivers]

Marge:  That's very clever.

Bart:  And today, instead of buying comic books, I just read 'em and left 
'em in the store.

Marge:  Mmm... You shouldn't do that.

Lisa:  My jumprope broke, but I just tied it back together.

Marge:  That's good, Lisa.

Bart:  I didn't take a bath today, and I may not take one tomorrow.

Marge:  I want you to take baths, Bart.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F09 - Burns Verkaufen der Kraftwerk.

%
Moe:  Moe's Tavern.  Moe speaking.

Bart: [on the 'phone] Uh, yes, I'm looking for a Mrs. O'Problem?  First 
name, Bea.

Moe:  Uh, yeah, just a minute, I'll check. [calls] Uh, Bea O'Problem?  Bea 
O'Problem!  Come on guys, do I have a Bea O'Problem here?

Barney:  You sure do!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F09 - Burns Verkaufen der Kraftwerk.

%
Montgomery Burns:  What good is money if it can't inspire terror in your 
fellow man?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F09 - Burns Verkaufen der Kraftwerk.

%
I WILL NOT SPANK OTHERS

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F14 - Homer Alone.

%
[Marge, having had the worst of all bad days, has flipped the car across 
both lanes of Springfield Memorial Bridge, and is refusing to budge.]

Eddie:  She's locked in the car and refuses to move.

Wiggum:  Did you flash your lights?

Eddie:  Yes.

Wiggum: [thinks] Well, *I'm* fresh out of ideas.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F14 - Homer Alone.

%
Chief Wiggum:  Try to talk her out of there.  [hands Homer a megaphone] 
But don't put your lips on it or anything.

Homer: [through a megaphone] Hello?  Hello?  Is this thing on?  Hello?

Marge:  Homer, is that you?

Homer: [aside] What should I say?

Wiggum:  Well, how about, ``Yes, it's me.''

Homer: [through a megaphone] Yes, it's me.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F14 - Homer Alone.

%
Policewoman:  Off the record, all the gals on the force knew just how you 
felt.

Marge:  That's nice.  Do you think you could loosen these cuffs a little?

Policewoman:  No!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F14 - Homer Alone.

%
Marge:  I need to unwind.

Homer:  I know you do, Marge, but come on, you know what our vacations are 
like.  Those three monsters in the back seat.  "Are we there yet?  Are we 
there yet?"  And let's face it, I'm no day at the beach either.  "Marge, 
can I have another sandwich?  Marge, can I have another sandwich?"

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F14 - Homer Alone.

%
Selma:  Kids, you haven't touched your tongue sandwiches.  You need some 
thing to drink?

Patty:  We've got clamato, Mr. Pibb and soy milk.
     
     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F14 - Homer Alone.

%
Lisa: [yawns] I think I'll just hit the hay.

Selma:  It's 12:30 in the afternoon!

Lisa: [quietly] I'm aware of the time.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F14 - Homer Alone.

%
Bart:  I'm scared, Lisa.

Lisa: [of Aunts Selma and Patty] You think *you* know fear?  Well, *I've* 
seen 'em naked!

Bart:  Waaaaauuuugh!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F14 - Homer Alone.

%
Troy McClure: [in Rancho Relaxo's introductory video] I'm Troy McClure.  
You might remember me from such movies as ``Today We Kill, Tomorrow We 
Die'' and ``Gladys the Groovy Mule''!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F14 - Homer Alone.

%
Barney Gumble: [picking up Maggie] Whoa!  Someone smells stinky!  [sniffs 
himself] Oh, it's me.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F14 - Homer Alone.

%
Patty:  Best MacGyver ever.

Selma:  Richard Dean Anderson will be in my dreams tonight.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F14 - Homer Alone.

%
Chief Wiggum:  You the man who reported the lost baby?

Homer:  Yes.

Wiggum:  Can you describe her?

Homer:  Uh, she's small...  She's a girl...


Wiggum:  Bingo!  [produces Maggie]

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F14 - Homer Alone.

%
I WILL NOT BARF UNLESS I'M SICK

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F15 - Separate Vocations.

%
Janey:  Well, that was a waste of time.

Lisa:  Janey, school is *never* a waste of time.

Ms. Hoover:  Since we have fifteen minute until recess, please put down 
your  pencils and stare at the front of the room.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F15 - Separate Vocations.

%
Bart:  I don't need *you* to get me in the back of a police car.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F15 - Separate Vocations.

%
Marge:  You know, your father wanted to be a policeman for a little while, 
but they said he was too heavy.

Homer:  No, the Army said I was too heavy.  The Police said I was too dumb.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F15 - Separate Vocations.

%
Lisa:  Well, *I'm* going to be a famous jazz musician.  I've got it all 
figured out.  I'll be unappreciated in my own country, but my gutsy blues 
stylings will electrify the French.  I'll avoid the horrors of drug abuse, 
but I do plan to have several torrid love affairs, and I may or may not die 
young.  I haven't decided.

Marge:  Honey, if that's what you want, we'll do anything we can to help.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F15 - Separate Vocations.

%
Bart:  Wow!  Can I see your club?

Cop:   It's called a baton, son.

Bart:  Oh.  What's it for?

Cop:   We club people with it.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F15 - Separate Vocations.

%
Bart: So, you guys like being cops?

Cop:  Oh, it's great.  You get to run red lights, park wherever you please, 
hot and cold running chicks...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F15 - Separate Vocations.

%
Skinner: Bart Simpson on the side of law and order?  Has the world gone 
topsy-turvey?

Bart:    That's right, man.  I got my first taste of authority... [rubs his 
hands] And I liked it!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F15 - Separate Vocations.

%
Marge:  Bart's grades are up a little this term.  But Lisa's are way down.

Homer:  Oh...  We always have one good kid and one lousy kid.  Why can't 
*both* our kids be good?

Marge:  We have *three* kids, Homer.

Homer:  Ma-arge, the dog doesn't count as a kid!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F15 - Separate Vocations.

%
Principal Skinner:  I have never seen a student take such a slide.  Lisa, 
what are you rebelling against?

Lisa:  What'a ya got?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F15 - Separate Vocations.

%
Principal Skinner:  The school is a police state.  Students are afraid to 
sneeze.  And I have you to thank.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F15 - Separate Vocations.

%
Skinner:  Um, ladies and gentlemen, the unthinkable has happened.  Some 
sick, twisted individual has stolen every teacher's edition in this school.
	 
Teacher:  What'll we do!?

Mrs. Krabappel:  Declare a snow day!

Teacher:  Does anyone know the multiplication table?

Skinner:  No, please, don't panic. [peers out the window] They can smell 
fear.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F15 - Separate Vocations.

%
Mrs. Krabappel:  Children, I know this is highly irregular, but for the 
rest of the uh day, Martin will be teaching this class.

Martin:  I will?  But I wouldn't know where to begin.

Mrs. K:  Just do it, Braniac!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F15 - Separate Vocations.

%
Bart:  Seymour, I'll bet you a steak dinner those books are still here.  
All we have to do is search every locker.

Skinner:  Oh, Bart, I'm not sure random locker searches are permitted by 
the Supreme Court.

Bart:  Pfffffft.  Supreme Court.  What have *they* done for us lately?

Skinner:  Let's move.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F15 - Separate Vocations.

%
I WILL NOT EXPOSE THE IGNORANCE OF THE FACULTY.

   Blackboard - Bart in detention
     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F15 - Separate Vocations.

%
I WILL NOT AIM FOR THE HEAD

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F13 - Homer at the Bat.

%
Lenny:  Hey homer!  Slow down.  You're going to choke yourself.

Homer:  Don't tell me how to eat doughnuts.  [chokes]

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F13 - Homer at the Bat.

%
Lenny:  Homer, last year, we were 2 and 28.

Homer:  Look, I know it wasn't our best season.  ...

Lenny:  Actually, it was.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F13 - Homer at the Bat.

%

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F13 - Homer at the Bat.

%
Montgomery Burns:  Smithers, I've been thinking.  Is it wrong to cheat to 
win a million-dollar bet?

Smithers:  Yes, sir.

Burns:  Let me rephrase that.  Is it wrong if *I* cheat?

Smithers:  No, sir.  Who would you like killed?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F13 - Homer at the Bat.

%
Lenny:  Mr. Burns - with them on the team, you won't need us!

Montgomery Burns:  Well, duh...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F13 - Homer at the Bat.

%
Homer:  You're Darrel Strawberry?

Strawberry:  Yes.

Homer:  You play right field?

Strawberry:  Yes.

Homer:  I play right field too.

Strawberry:  So?
 
Homer:  Are you better than me?

Strawberry:  Well, I've never met you, but.  ...  yes.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F13 - Homer at the Bat.

%
Smithers:  What are you going to do with your million dollars.

Montgomery Burns:  I dunno.  Throw it on the pile, I s'pose.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F13 - Homer at the Bat.

%
Homer:  Oh, one thing I'm good at and I can't do it any more.

Marge:  Homey, you're good at lots of things.

Homer:  Like what?

Marge:  Like snuggling?  [snuggles up to him]

Homer:  Yeah.  but none of my friends can watch me.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F13 - Homer at the Bat.

%
Homer:  Where do you think you're going?

Lisa:  To the game.

Homer:  No no no.  I don't want you to see me sit on my worthless butt.

Bart:  We've seen it, Dad.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F13 - Homer at the Bat.

%
Closing song:
  Well Mr. Burns had done it,
  The power plant had won it,
  With Roger Clemens clucking all the while,
  Mike Scioscia's tragic illness made us smile,
  While Wade Boggs lay unconscious on the barroom tile.

  We're talkin' softball -
  From Maine to San Diego.
  Talkin' softball -
  Mattingly and Canseco.
  Ken Griffey's grotesquely swollen jaw.
  Steve Sax and his run-in with the law.
  We're talkin' Homer
  Ozzie and the Straw.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F13 - Homer at the Bat.

%
I WILL NOT CONDUCT MY OWN FIRRE DRILLS

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F19 - Colonel Homer.

%
Homer:  Marge, I've always carried myself with a certain dignity.  Tonight 
you robbed me of it.

Lisa:  I guess that executive stress ball we got him for Christmas isn't 
working.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F19 - Colonel Homer.

%
Country bar patron:  Hey you - let's fight.

Country bar patron:  Them's fightin' words.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F19 - Colonel Homer.

%
Homer:  Lurleen, there's something I want to tell you.

Lurleen:  I'm listening.

Homer:  Your song touched me in a way that I've never felt before  ...and 
which way to the can?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F19 - Colonel Homer.

%
Lurleen:  You're just a big sack of sugar!

Homer:  Tha-anks. ... You did say "sugar", didn't you?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F19 - Colonel Homer.

%
Homer:  Guess what, Lurleen.  I got you a spot on TV.

Lurleen:  Oh, Homer!  You're as smart as you are handsome.

Homer:  Hey! ... Oh, you meant it as a complement.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F19 - Colonel Homer.

%
Homer:  Err, I gotta go.

Bart:  As much as I hate that man right now, you gotta love that suit.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F19 - Colonel Homer.

%
"Bagged Me a Homer"
 - Lurleen Lumpkin

  Oh, the bases were empty on the diamond of my heart,
   when the coach called me up to the plate.
  I'd been swingin' and missin'
   and lovin' and kissin'
  My average was point-double-o-eight.
  So I spit on my hands,
   knocked the dirt from my spikes,
  And pointed right towards centre field.
  This time I'm hittin' the home run.
  This time love is for real.
  I'll slide, I'll steal, I'll sacrifice,
   a lovin' fly for you.
  I've been slumpin' off season,
   but now I've found a reason.
  I've struck on a love that is true.
  I used to play the field.
  I used to be a roamer,
  But season's turnin' around for me now.
  I've finally bagged me a homer.
  That's right, I've finally bagged me a homer.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F19 - Colonel Homer.

%
FUNNY NOISES ARE NOT FUNNY

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F20 - The Return of Sideshow Bob.

%
Patty:  Aunt Selma has this crazy obsession about not dying alone.  So in 
desperation, she joined this prison pen-pal program.  Her new sweetie's a 
jailbird.

Bart:  Coooool!  He can teach us how to kill a man with a lunchtray!


     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F20 - The Return of Sideshow Bob.

%
Sideshow Bob:  Do you know what prison is like for a life-long conservative 
Republican?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F20 - The Return of Sideshow Bob.

%
Sideshow Bob: [menacingly] Bart, if I wanted to kill you, I'd have choked 
you like a chicken the moment I walked in that door.

[everyone gasps]

Sideshow Bob: [cheerily] But then, what kind of guest would I have been?


     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F20 - The Return of Sideshow Bob.

%
Sideshow Bob:  Selma, would you mind if I did something bold and shocking 
in front of your family?

Selma: [setting her cigarette aside] All right.  But no tongues.

Sideshow Bob:  Although kissing you would be like kissing some divine 
ashtray, that's not what I had in mind.


     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F20 - The Return of Sideshow Bob.

%
Selma:  Relax.  I told you, I've got money.  I bought shares in a mace 
company, just before society crumbled.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F20 - The Return of Sideshow Bob.

%
Selma:  You're lying.  You're lying!

Sidehow Bob:  No, that wasn't lying.  This is lying:  "Well that was a 
clever piece of non-claptrap that neevr made me want to wretch once".

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F20 - The Return of Sideshow Bob.

%
Sideshow Bob:  Selma, will you marry me?

Bart:  Don't be a fool, Aunt Selma!  That man is scum!

Selma:  Then call me Mrs. Scum!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F20 - The Return of Sideshow Bob.

%
Sideshow Bob:  This wedding is spinning out of control.  Can we really 
afford it?  I've already run through eight of the ten dollars they gave me 
when I left prison.

Selma:  Hey, relax.  I told you, I got money.  I bought stock in a mace 
company just before society crumbled.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F20 - The Return of Sideshow Bob.

%
Selma:  That McGyver's a genius.

Sideshow Bob:  First of all, he's not a genius.  He's an actor.  And 
second, he's not *much* of an actor.

Selma: [hurt] You're lying!  You're lying!

Sideshow Bob:  No, Selma.  *This* is lying:  "That was a well-plotted piece 
of nonclaptrap that never made me want to retch."

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F20 - The Return of Sideshow Bob.

%
Bart:  Chief Wiggum, think you have room in your jail for a two-time loser?

Chief Wiggum:  Well, no, frankly.  But that never stopped us before.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F20 - The Return of Sideshow Bob.

%
Sideshow Bob:  Bart, I must know.  How did you untangle my web?

Chief Wiggum:  Yeah, Bart, pull us in!

Bart:  I'd hate to tell the number 1 cop in town how to do his job.

Chief Wiggum:  No, please.  It's the only way I'll learn.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F20 - The Return of Sideshow Bob.

%
I WILL NOT SNAP BRAS

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F21 - The Otto Show.

%
Homer:  Now, boy, we spent a lot of money, so you'd better get real good 
real fast, or *POW*!

Marge:  Homer!

Homer:  Hey, I thought I was supposed to encourage him.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F21 - The Otto Show.

%
Bart:  I didn't know you played the guitar, Otto-Man!

Otto:  Hey, that's all I *did* in high school!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F21 - The Otto Show.

%
Otto:  Uh-oh.  Better fasten your seat belts, little dudes!

Lisa:  We don't have seat belts.

Otto:  Well, then, uh...  Just try to go limp.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F21 - The Otto Show.

%
Selma:  What's so funny?

Patty:  I was just thinking about the time Homer got his nose caught in the 
toaster.

Selma:  We'll watch the tape tonight.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F21 - The Otto Show.

%
Bart:  Otto-Man?  You're living in a dumpster?

Otto:  Ho, man, I wish.  Dumpster-brand trash bins are top-of-the-line.  
This is just a Trash-Co waste disposal unit.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F21 - The Otto Show.

%
Otto:  Please let me stay here.  I've got nowhere else to go!

Homer:  Forget it!  That line didn't work for my dad, and it's not going to 
work for you!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F21 - The Otto Show.

%
Marge:  Doesn't the Bible say, "Whatsoever you do to the least of my 
brothers, that you do unto me"?

Homer:  Yes, but doesn't the Bible also say "Thou shalt not take... 
moochers into thy... hut"?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F21 - The Otto Show.

%
Bart:  Please, Dad?  If you let Otto stay, he'll help around the house and 
chip in a few bucks whenever he can.

Homer:  All right, he can stay.  But I get to treat him like garbage.

Otto:  Wow!  What's the catch?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F21 - The Otto Show.

%
Homer:  Hey, how come you never play your guitar any more?

Bart:  I'll tell ya the truth, Dad.  I wasn't goot at it right away, so I 
quit.  I hope you're not mad.

Homer: [sweetly] Son, come here!  Heh heh heh...  Of course I'm not mad.  
If something's hard to do, then it's not worth doing!  You just stick that 
guitar in the closet next to your short-wave radio, your karate outfit and 
your unicycle, and we'll go inside and watch TV.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F21 - The Otto Show.

%
Bart:  You can do it, Otto!  You're the coolest adult I ever met!

Otto:  Wow!  I've never been called an adult before. ...  I've been tried 
as one, but...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F21 - The Otto Show.

%
I WILL NOT SNAP BRAS

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F22 - Bart's Friend Falls in Love.

%
Principal Skinner:  Samantha, I've always been suspicious of transfer 
students.  Other principals try to unload problem cases that way.  Lord 
knows *I* do...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F22 - Bart's Friend Falls in Love.

%
Mrs. Krabappel:  I'm sure this is a little scary for you, dear.

Samantha:  Uh huh.

Mrs. Krabappel:  So, why don't you stand up in front of the class and tell 
us about yourself.   I'll be grading you on grammar and poise.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F22 - Bart's Friend Falls in Love.

%
Mrs. Krabappel:  Class, in order to explain why your hormones will soon 
make you an easy target for [turning bitter] every smooth-talking Lothario 
with his own car and tight jeans... [breath, calm] I will now show a short 
sex-education film.  ...  Ezekiel and Ishmael, in accordance with your 
parents' wishes, you may step out into the hall and pray for our souls.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F22 - Bart's Friend Falls in Love.

%
Troy McClure: [narrating sex-education video] Hello, I'm actor Troy 
McClure.  You kids might remember me from such educational films as "Lead 
Paint, Delicious But Deadly" and "Here Comes the Metric System!"

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F22 - Bart's Friend Falls in Love.

%
Troy McClure: [narrating sex-education video] I'm here to provide the 
facts about sex in a frank and straightforward manner.  And now, here's... 
"Fuzzy Bunny's Guide To You-Know-What"

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F22 - Bart's Friend Falls in Love.

%
Mrs. Krabappel: [commenting on the class sex-education video] She's faking 
it.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F22 - Bart's Friend Falls in Love.

%
Nelson:  Why don't you live with *Mr.* Krabappel?

Mrs. Krabappel Because Mr. Krabappel chased something small and fluffy down 
a rabbit hole.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F22 - Bart's Friend Falls in Love.

%
Samantha:  How do we know when we fall in love?

Mrs. Krabappel:  Oh, don't you worry.  Most of you will never fall in love 
and marry out of fear of dying alone.  [chuckles]

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F22 - Bart's Friend Falls in Love.

%
Milhouse:  Uh... That's a nice dress.

Samantha:  My Dad makes me wear it.  I hate it.

Milhouse:  Uh, I hate it, too!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F22 - Bart's Friend Falls in Love.

%
Announcer:  Tonight on "Smartline":  I'm Okay, You're Too Fat.  Here's your 
host - Kent Brockman.

Kent Brockman:  Good evening.  Did you know that 34 million American adults 
are obese?  Putting together that excess blubber would fill the Grand 
Canyon two fifths of the way up.  That may not sound impressive, but keep 
in mind it is a very big canyon.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F22 - Bart's Friend Falls in Love.

%
Samantha Stanky:  Milhouse - I've gotta go.  My Dad thinks I'm having my 
braces examined.

Milhouse:  Well you kinda sorta are.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F22 - Bart's Friend Falls in Love.

%
[Marge telephones to order a subliminal training tape for Homer]

Operator:  Would he like to lose weight, learn all the state capitals, 
master hostage negotiations...?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F22 - Bart's Friend Falls in Love.

%
Bart: [moaning about Milhouse and Samantha] All they do is kiss.

Marge:  How cute! [turns to leave, then catches herself] They don't open 
their mouths, do they?

Bart:  No.

Marge:  How cute!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F22 - Bart's Friend Falls in Love.

%
Marge:  Homer, has the weight loss tape reduced your appetite?

Homer:  Lamentably, no.  My gastranomic rapacity knows no satiety.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F22 - Bart's Friend Falls in Love.

%
[Samantha's father catches her and Milhouse kissing]

Mr. Stanky:  Samantha, you're my little girl, and sometimes my imagination 
runs away with me.  Just, just tell me what happened.

Samantha:  Well, Milhouse and I...

Mr. Stanky:  That's enough!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F22 - Bart's Friend Falls in Love.

%
Milhouse:  How could this happen?  We started out like Romeo and Juliet, 
but it ended up in tragedy.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F22 - Bart's Friend Falls in Love.

%
Lisa:  Hey, Bart, according to this magazine, in another million years, man 
will have another finger.  [shows an artist's conception of a five-fingered 
hand]

Bart:  Five fingers?  Ewwww!  What a freak show!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F22 - Bart's Friend Falls in Love.

%
Homer:  Marge, where's that...  metal deely... you use to... dig... food...

Marge:  You mean, a spoon?

Homer:  Yeah, yeah!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F22 - Bart's Friend Falls in Love.

%
Milhouse:  Bart, think I can ever find another one like her?

Bart:  You're asking the wrong guy, Milhouse.  They all look alike to me.  
Now let's go whip donuts at old people.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F22 - Bart's Friend Falls in Love.

%
THIS PUNISHMENT IS NOT BORING AND POINTLESS

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F24 - Kamp Krusty.

%
Marge:  Homer, you do remember your promise to the kids, don't you?

Homer:  Sure - when they're 18, they're out the door.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F24 - Kamp Krusty.

%
Homer: [to Bart] Son, if you really want something in this life, you have 
to work for it.  Now quiet!  They're about to announce the lottery numbers.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F24 - Kamp Krusty.

%
Teacher: [shouting out the door as the kids run off for summer break] Wait 
a minute!  You didn't learn how World War II ended! ... We won!

Kids:  Yay! [chanting as they depart] U-S-A!  U-S-A!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F24 - Kamp Krusty.

%
Lisa:  Hah!  A+!  Oh, Bart.  Why didn't you at least forge plausible 
grades?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F24 - Kamp Krusty.

%
Homer: [inspecting Bart's forged report card] A+!  You don't think much of 
me, do you boy?

Homer: [comenting on Bart's forgery attempts] A "D" turns into a "B" so 
easily.  You just got greedy.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F24 - Kamp Krusty.

%
Bart:  Don't look in my closet.  In fact, stay out of my room altogether.

Lisa:  If the pets die, don't replace them.  I'll know!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F24 - Kamp Krusty.

%
Marge:  You can have the shower to yourself, Homey.  I'm finished.

Homer:  Oh no you're not.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F24 - Kamp Krusty.

%
Lisa:  Are you sure that's safe?

Kearny:  Well it's not getting any safer...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F24 - Kamp Krusty.

%
Lisa:  You're serving us gruel?

Dolph:  Not quite.  This is Krusty Brand Imitation Gruel.  Nine out of ten 
orphans can't tell the difference.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F24 - Kamp Krusty.

%
Lisa:  I feel like I'm gonna die, Bart.

Bart:  We're all going to die, Lis.

Lisa:  I meant soon.

Bart:  So did I.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F24 - Kamp Krusty.

%
Lisa: [writing home from summer camp] Dear Mom and Dad, I no longer fear 
Hell because I've been to Kamp Krusty..

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F24 - Kamp Krusty.

%
Homer:  I've been scorched by Krusty before.  I got a rapid heartbeat from 
his Krusty brand vitamins, my Krusty Kalculator didn't have a seven or an 
eight, and Krusty's autobiography was self-serving with many glaring 
omissions.  But this time, he's gone too far!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F24 - Kamp Krusty.

%
Kent Brockman:  Ladies and Gentleman, I've been to Vietnam, Afghanistan, 
and Iraq; and I can say without hyperbole that this is a million times 
worse than all of them put together.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F24 - Kamp Krusty.

%
Bart:  We want the whole world to know that this was a really crappy camp. 
[covering microphone with his hand] Can I say "crappy" on TV?

Kent:  Yes, on this network you can.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F24 - Kamp Krusty.

%
MY NAME IS NOT "DR. DEATH"

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F18 - A Streetcar Named Marge.

%
Troy McLure:  Live from beautiful Laughlin, Nevada, it's the Miss American 
Girl Pageant!  Brought to you my Meryl Streep's Versatility:  Smell like 
Streep for Cheep!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F18 - A Streetcar Named Marge.

%
Troy McLure:  Live from beautiful Laughlin, Nevada, it's the Miss American 
Girl Pageant!  Brought to you my Meryl Streep's Versatility:  Smell like 
Streep for Cheep!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F18 - A Streetcar Named Marge.

%
Llewelyn Sinclair:  I have directed three plays in my career, and I have 
had three heart attacks.  That's how much I care - I'm planning a fourth.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F18 - A Streetcar Named Marge.

%
Marge:  Maybe I should've taken a nice calligraphy class.

Wiggum:  Oh, forget about it.  That Mr. Takahashi's a lunatic!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F18 - A Streetcar Named Marge.

%
Lisa:  Wow!  My mother the actress.  I feel like Lucy Arnaz-Luckinbill.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F18 - A Streetcar Named Marge.

%
Bart:  Are there any jive-talking robots in this play?

Marge:  Mm, I don't think so.

Homer:  Bart, don't ask stupid questions. [to Marge] Is there any frontal 
nudity?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F18 - A Streetcar Named Marge.

%
Lionel Hutz:  Lionel Hutz, Attorney at Law.  I'm filing a class-action suit 
against the director on behalf of everyone who was cut from the play.  I 
also play Mitch!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F18 - A Streetcar Named Marge.

%
Homer:  When do I have to be there?

Marge: I'm sure you won't enjoy it.  There's nothing about bowling in the 
play.  Oh wait, there is.

Homer:  Probably not much of it.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F18 - A Streetcar Named Marge.

%
Marge:  Why can't you be more supportive?

Homer:  Because I don't care.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F18 - A Streetcar Named Marge.

%
"New Orleans"

  Long before the Superdome
  Where the Saints of football play...
  Lived a city that the damned call home
  Hear their hellish rondelet...

  New Orleans!
  Home or pirates, drunks and whores
  New Orleans!
  Tacky, overpriced souvenir store
  If you want to go to hell, you should take a trip
  To the Sodom and Gomorrah of the Mississip'
  New Orleans!
  Stinking, rotten, vomiting, vile
  New Orleans!
  Putrid, brackish, maggotty, foul
  New Orleans!
  Crummy, lousy, rancid and rank
  New Orleans!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F18 - A Streetcar Named Marge.

%
Homer:  I can't fake an interest in this, and I'm an expert at faking an 
interest in your kooky projects.

Marge:  What kooky projects?

Homer:  You know, the painting class, the first aid course, the whole 
Lamaze thing.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 8F18 - A Streetcar Named Marge.

%
I WILL NOT DEFAME NEW ORLEANS

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F01 - Homer the Heretic.

%
[In the car on the way to church.]

Bart:  Hey, where's Homer?

Marge:  Your father's ... resting.

Bart:  "Resting" hung over?  "Resting" got fired?  Help me out, here.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F01 - Homer the Heretic.

%
Rev. Lovejoy:  The Service is over.  Go in Peace.

Ned Flanders:  The door is frozen, and it's our *only* *way* *out*!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F01 - Homer the Heretic.

%
Rev. Lovejoy:  How's that door coming, Willy?

Groundskeeper Willy:  Miracles are your department.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F01 - Homer the Heretic.

%
Homer:  I've found a PENNY!  Could this be the best day of my life?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F01 - Homer the Heretic.

%
Homer:  I've been having the best day of my life, and I owe it all to 
skipping church.

Marge:  Homer!  That's a terrible thing to say.  Kids - your father doesn't 
mean that.

Homer:  Like *fun* I don't.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F01 - Homer the Heretic.

%
Marge:  Homer - are you actually giving up your faith.

Homer:  No!  No-no-no-no-no, no. ...  Well, yes.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F01 - Homer the Heretic.

%
Homer: [delivering the coup de grace, justifying skipping church] And what 
if we picked the wrong religion?  Every week, we're just making God madder 
and madder!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F01 - Homer the Heretic.

%
[Homer dreams...]

God:  Thou hast forsaken My Church!
   
Homer: [in fear] Uh, kind-of...  b-but...

God:  But what!

Homer:  I'm not a bad guy!  I work hard, and I love my kids.  So why should 
I spend half my Sunday hearing about how I'm going to Hell?

God: [pause] Hmm...  You've got a point there.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F01 - Homer the Heretic.

%
Homer:  You know what really bugs me about church - those boring sermons.

God:  I couldn't agree more.  That Reverend Lovejoy <really> displeases Me. 
 I think I'll give him a canker sore.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F01 - Homer the Heretic.

%
God: [in Homer's dream] Homer - if you'll excuse me.  I have to appear in 
a tortilla in Mexico.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F01 - Homer the Heretic.

%
Homer:  I wasn't sure I was doing the right thing, but God Himself told me 
I should seek a new path.

Rev. Lovejoy: [suspicious] Oh, really...

Homer:  Yeah.  He appeared before me in a dream, and I knew that was 
special because I usually dream about naked... [spots Marge glaring] 
...Marge.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F01 - Homer the Heretic.

%
Bart: [asking about Homer's vision of God] What'd he look like?

Homer:  Perfect teeth, nice smell.  A class act all the way.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F01 - Homer the Heretic.

%
Moe:  Sorry, Homer.  I was born a Snake Handler and I'll *die* a Snake 
Handler.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F01 - Homer the Heretic.

%
Marge:  Homer, please don't make me choose between my man and my God, 
because you just can't win.

Homer:  There you go again, always taking someone else's side.  Flanders, 
the Water Department, God...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F01 - Homer the Heretic.

%
Homer: [reading Playdude] "Our unabashed dictionary defines IUD as love 
springs internal"  Heh, heh, heh, heh. ... I don't get it.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F01 - Homer the Heretic.

%
Insurance agent:  Any valuables in the house?

Homer:  Well, the Picasso, my collection of classic cars...

Insurance agent:  Sorry, this policy only covers *actual* losses, not 
made-up stuff.

Homer: [annoyed] Well that's just gr-eat!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F01 - Homer the Heretic.

%
Ned Flanders:  Homer, God didn't set your house on fire.

Rev. Lovejoy:  No, but He *was* working in the hearts of your friends and 
neighbors when they came to your aid, be they [indicating Flanders] 
Christian, [Krusty] Jew, or [Apu] ... miscellaneous.

Apu:  Hindu!  There *are* 700 million of us.

Lovejoy:  Aw, that's super.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F01 - Homer the Heretic.

%
[Homer dreams in church]

God:  Don't worry, Homer.  Nine out of ten religions fail in their first 
year.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F01 - Homer the Heretic.

%
[Homer dreams in church]

Homer:  What's the meaning of life?

God:  Homer, I can't tell you that.  You'll find out when you die.

Homer:  I can't wait that long!

God:  You can't wait six months?

Homer:  No.  Tell me now.

God:  We-ell ok.  The meaning of life is...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F01 - Homer the Heretic.

%
I WILL NOT PRESCRIBE MEDICATION

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F02 - Lisa the Beauty Queen.

%
Groundskeeper Willie:  Get your Haggis right here!  Chopped heart and lungs 
boiled in a wee sheep's stomach!  Tastes as good as it sounds.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F02 - Lisa the Beauty Queen.

%
Bart: [speaking of the fairground ride Otto is controlling] Hey Ottoman.  
I dare you to make this thing go faster.

Ottoman:  Ok!  Challenge accepted. [He cranks it all the way up.  One of 
the seats flies of and hits the school building.] I'll be in Mexico until 
this thing blows over.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F02 - Lisa the Beauty Queen.

%
Homer:  Oh, Lisa, this isn't real.  It's just how you might look if you 
were a cartoon character.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F02 - Lisa the Beauty Queen.

%
Homer:  You're cute as a bug's ear.

Lisa:  Fathers have to say that stuff!

Homer: [Calling out as Grandpa walks past the door] Dad, am I cute as a 
bug's ear?

Grandpa: [poking head in] No, you're homely as a mule's butt!

Homer: [to Lisa] There, see?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F02 - Lisa the Beauty Queen.

%
Homer:  Moe - have you ever felt unattractive.

Moe:  Mmm, no.

Homer:  How about you, Barney?

Barney Gumble: [raising his tankard] Not for a second! *be-e-elch*

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F02 - Lisa the Beauty Queen.

%
Jack Larson:  This year, Laramie is sponsoring the Little Miss Springfield 
Pageant.  You see, government regulations prohibit us from advertising on 
TV. [takes a puff on a cigarette and holds up the box] Ah, that sweet 
Carolina smoke!  But, they can't prohibit us from holding a beauty pageant 
for little girls aged 7 to 9.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F02 - Lisa the Beauty Queen.

%
Homer:  Where'd you get all the money?

Barney Gumble:  From some scientist.  Since they stopped testing on animals 
a guy can really clean up?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F02 - Lisa the Beauty Queen.

%
Homer:  Hey, nobody's prettier than my little girl!

Marge:  Mmmmm, you're looking at her through a father's eyes.

Homer:  Well if I could gouge out somebody else's eyes and shove them into 
my my sockets I would; but to me, she's beautiful!!!

Marge:  That is *so* sweet

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F02 - Lisa the Beauty Queen.

%
Lisa:  There's no way I can beat this girl.  She's the Jack Nicklaus of the 
pageant circuit.

Marge:  Oh I don't know that she's as attractive of Jack Nicklaus.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F02 - Lisa the Beauty Queen.

%
Lisa:  Isn't this dangerous?

Hairdresser: [wielding a blowtorch] Don't worry I'm well protected.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F02 - Lisa the Beauty Queen.

%
Homer:  When Lisa comes in I want you to make a big fuss over how she looks.

Bart:  She'll see through me like Grandma's underpants!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F02 - Lisa the Beauty Queen.

%
Homer:  When it comes to compliments, women are ravenous blood-sucking 
monsters always want'n more... *more*... MORE!  And if you give it to them, 
you'll get plenty back in return.

Bart:  Like what?

Homer:  I'll tell you when you're older.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F02 - Lisa the Beauty Queen.

%
Homer:  Is that Lisa?  Oooo, I gotta call heaven. [looks around] There's 
an angel missing!

Bart:  And who's your little school friend?  Wait a minute... [feigns 
shock] That's Mom!

Marge:  I know two fellas who will get a special dinner tonight!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F02 - Lisa the Beauty Queen.

%
Lisa:  Do you think I can really win?

Bart:  Hey, I'm beginning to think *I* could win.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F02 - Lisa the Beauty Queen.

%
Lisa:  Those other girls are prettier than me.

Bart: [straining] Lis, as your bother, this is the hardest thing I've ever 
had to say: ... You're not ugly.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F02 - Lisa the Beauty Queen.

%
[watching Miss Springfield on TV]

Marge:  Oh dear, it'll be a shame if that pretty dress got wet.

Lisa:  I'd say the greater danger is her sceptre acting as a lighting rod.  
Unless it's made out of plastic.

[TV flashes, lighning sounds]

Bart:  Nope, metal.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F02 - Lisa the Beauty Queen.

%
Bob Hope: [appearing at Fort Springfield]  Hello, this is Bob "What the 
hell am I doing in Springfield?" Hope.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F02 - Lisa the Beauty Queen.

%
Homer:  If it wasn't for me, you'd still be Queen.  You must hate me.

Lisa:  Dad, do you remember why you entered me in that pageant?

Homer:  I dunno.  Was I drunk?

Lisa:  Possibly.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F02 - Lisa the Beauty Queen.

%
Marge:  Homer, did you just call everyone "chicken"?

Homer:  Noooo.  I swear on this Bible!

Marge:  That's not a Bible; that's a book of carpet samples!

Homer:  Ooooh... Fuzzy.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F04 - The Treehouse of Horror III.

%
Bart:  Stupid party, wish we were trick or treat'n.

Marge:  Now Bart, you can find just as much horror around the house.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F04 - The Treehouse of Horror III.

%
Bart:  Hey Homer, where's your present?

Homer:  D'oh!  I mean...  D`oh-n't worry son, I forgot to get you a 
present.  But I swear on my father's grave...

Abe:  Hey!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F04 - The Treehouse of Horror III.

%
Curiosity shop owner:  Take this object, but beware it carries a terrible 
curse!

Homer: [worried] Ooooh, that's bad.

Owner:  But it comes with a free Frogurt!

Homer: [relieved] That's good.

Owner:  The Frogurt is also cursed.

Homer: [worried] That's bad.

Owner:  But you get your choice of topping!

Homer: [relieved] That's good.

Owner:  The toppings contains Potassium Benzoate.

[Homer stares blankly]

Owner:  That's bad.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F04 - The Treehouse of Horror III.

%
Abe: [shouting] That doll is *Evil*, I tells ya.  Evil!  E-e-e-v-i-i-l-l!

Marge:  Grandpa, you said that about all the presents.

Abe: [whines] I just want attention.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F04 - The Treehouse of Horror III.

%
Marge:  Homer, what's wrong?

Homer:  That doll tried to kill me!

Bart:  I'd say the pressure has finally gotten to Dad, but what pressure?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F04 - The Treehouse of Horror III.

%
[Homer runs in terror, naked, from the bathroom through the kitchen]

Patty:  There goes the last lingering thread of my heterosexuality.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F04 - The Treehouse of Horror III.

%
Bart:  Grandpa, why don't you tell us a story? You've led an interesting 
life.

Abe: [resentfully] That's a lie and you know it!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F04 - The Treehouse of Horror III.

%
Burns:  What do you think, Smithers?

Smithers:  I think women and sea-men don't mix.

Burns:  We *know* what you think!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F04 - The Treehouse of Horror III.

%
Karl:  Hey, I heard we're goin' to Ape Island.

Lenny:  Yeah, to capture a giant ape.

Karl:  I wished we were going to Candy Apple Island.

Charlie:  Candy Apple Island?  What do they got there?

Karl:  Apes.  But they're not so big.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F04 - The Treehouse of Horror III.

%
Bart:  From A-Apple to Z-Zebra, Baby's First Pop-up book is 26 pages of 
alphabetic adventure!

Mrs.K:  Bart, you mean to tell me you read a book intended for preschoolers?

Bart:  Well, most of it.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F04 - The Treehouse of Horror III.

%
Lisa: [annoyed] Bart, please.  Don't you remember that Snowball 1 died four 
years ago tonight?  Run over by the Mayor's beer-swilling brother, Clovis.
      
Bart:  Hey, maybe there's a spell in here that will bring her back from the 
dead?  [Lisa stares as Bart flips through the pages] Let's see what we 
got.  "How to get your skeletons their whitest."  "Selling your soul in a 
buyers' market."  Ahh, here we are: "How to raise the dead."

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F04 - The Treehouse of Horror III.

%
Lisa:  Dad, we did something very bad!

Homer: [eating pork rinds, frowns] Did you wreck the car?

Bart:  Nooo!

Homer: [frowns] Did you raise the dead?

Lisa:  Yesss!

Homer: [more frowns] But the car's okay?

Kids:  Uh-huh.

Homer: [relieved] All right then.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F04 - The Treehouse of Horror III.

%
Bart:  Dad, you killed the Zombie Flanders!

Homer:  He was a zombie!?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F04 - The Treehouse of Horror III.

%
[Homer catches Barney Gumble chewing on an arm.]

Homer: [shocked] Barney, not you too?!

Barney Gumble:  I'm not a zombie, but hey, when in Rome...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F04 - The Treehouse of Horror III.

%
I WILL NOT BURY THE NEW KID

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F03 - Itchy and Scratchy: The Movie.

%
Captain Kirk, "Star Trek XII: So Very Tired":  Captain's Log, Stardate 
6051: Had trouble sleeping last night; my hiatal hernia is acting up.  The 
ship is drafty and damp.  I'd complain, but nobody listens.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F03 - Itchy and Scratchy: The Movie.

%
Sulu:  Captain - Klingons off the starboard bow.

Kirk:  Again with the Klingons.  Scottie - give us full speed.

Scottie:  It's no good Captain.  I cannae reach the controls.

[Star Trek XII: So Very Tired]
     
     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F03 - Itchy and Scratchy: The Movie.

%
Marge:  Now be good for Grampa while we're at the parent-teacher meeting.  
We'll bring back dinner.

Lisa:  What are we gonna have?

Homer:  Well, that depends on what your teachers say.  If you've been good, 
pizza.  If you've been bad... uh... let's see... poison.

Lisa:  What if one of us has been good and one of us has been bad?

Bart:  Poison pizza.

Homer:  Oh, no!  I'm not making two stops!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F03 - Itchy and Scratchy: The Movie.

%
Mrs. Krabappel: [to Marge] Bart has been guilty of the following 
atrocities: synthesizing a laxative from peas and carrots; replacing my 
birth-control pills with Tic-Tacs.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F03 - Itchy and Scratchy: The Movie.

%
Homer: [to Miss Hoover] Well, I've always been a firm believer in the 
three R's.  Reading TV Guide, um...  Writing to TV Guide, um... and 
Renewing TV Guide.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F03 - Itchy and Scratchy: The Movie.

%
I WILL TRY TO RAISE A BETTER CHILD.

   Marge at the blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F03 - Itchy and Scratchy: The Movie.

%
Bart:  Time really flies when you're reading ... The Bible!?  Eeewww.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F03 - Itchy and Scratchy: The Movie.

%
Homer:  If you don't start making more sense, we're going to have to put 
you in a home.

Grampa:  You already put me in a home.

Homer:  Then we'll put you in the crooked home we saw on Sixty Minutes!

Grampa: [meekly] I'll be good.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F03 - Itchy and Scratchy: The Movie.

%
Homer:  Boy, you're gonna have to be punished for this.
   
Bart:  Dad, you *could* punish me, but that means you have to think of a 
punishment, sit here and make sure I do it...

Homer: [whining] Aw...

Bart:  Or... you could let me go play with Milhouse, while you spend the 
afternoon watching unpredictable Mexican sit-coms.

Homer:  Hee hee hee.  Run along, you little scamp.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F03 - Itchy and Scratchy: The Movie.

%
Homer:  Young man since you broke Granpa's teeth, he gets to break yours.

Grandpa:  This is gonna be sweet.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F03 - Itchy and Scratchy: The Movie.

%
Marge:  Do you want your son to become become Chief Justice of the Supreme 
Court, or a sleazy male stripper?

Homer:  Can't he be both, like the late Earl Warren?

Marge:  Earl Warren wasn't a stripper!

Homer:  *Now* who's being naive?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F03 - Itchy and Scratchy: The Movie.

%
Kent Brockman:  Tonight on ``Eye on Springfield'', we meet a man who's been 
hiccupping for 45 years!

Man: [hic!] Kill me!  [hic] Kill me!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F03 - Itchy and Scratchy: The Movie.

%
Kent Brockman:  I'm here, live in Korea, to give you a first-hand look at 
how American cartoons are made.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F03 - Itchy and Scratchy: The Movie.

%
Homer:  Bart, didn't I ask you to watch Maggie?

Bart:  Sounds like something you'd say...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F03 - Itchy and Scratchy: The Movie.

%
Kent Brockman:  Stay right here when after the break we'll meet up with the 
*real life* Itchy and Scratchy: a rabid mouse in Boston who killed a small 
cat.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F03 - Itchy and Scratchy: The Movie.

%
Homer:  Someday you'll thank me for this, son.

Bart:  Not bloody likely.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F03 - Itchy and Scratchy: The Movie.

%
[Bart is banned from seeing the Itchy and Scratchy movie]

Bart:  How was it?

Lisa:  It wasn't that great.

Bart:  Be honest.

Lisa:  It was the greatest movie of my life!  You wouldn't believe the 
celebrities who did cameos!  Dustin Hoffman, Michael Jackson.  Of course, 
they didn't use their real names, but you could tell it was them.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F03 - Itchy and Scratchy: The Movie.

%
Marge:  Homer, I'd like to talk to you.

Homer:  But then I won't be watching TV!  You can see the bind I'm in.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F03 - Itchy and Scratchy: The Movie.

%
Cinema patron: [in the year twenty-thirty-something] One Soylent Green.  
Hold the butter.

Homer:  Hmmm...  Soy-lent Green.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F03 - Itchy and Scratchy: The Movie.

%
I WILL NOT TEACH OTHERS TO FLY

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F05 - Marge Gets a Job.

%
Marge: [sorting the post] Resident ... Occupant ... Mm, a free sample of 
Lemon Time!  [Homer grabs it and drinks it] Homer, that's dishwashing 
liquid!

Homer:  Yeah, but what are you gonna' do?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F05 - Marge Gets a Job.

%
Troy McClure:  Hello, I'm Troy McClure.  You might remember me from such 
instructional videos as "Mothballing Your Battleship" and "Dig Your Own 
Grave, And Save!"

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F05 - Marge Gets a Job.

%
Marge:  Last week, some Jehovah's Witnesses came to the door, and I 
wouldn't let them leave.  They snuck away when I went into the kitchen to 
get more lemonade.

Homer:  Hmmm.  Lemonade is good.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F05 - Marge Gets a Job.

%
Marge:  Maybe I should apply for that job.

Homer:  Forget it, Marge.  We already live together - we shouldn't work 
together.  As the Bible says, "Thou shalt not horn in on thy husband's ... 
racket".

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F05 - Marge Gets a Job.

%
Smithers:  This resume is very impressive.  Let me be the first to say 
"Abebu Gazini".

Marge:  What?

Smithers:  "Welcome aboard".  I guess my Swahili's not as good as yours.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F05 - Marge Gets a Job.

%
Lisa:  I think it's wonderful!  Mom and Dad side by side at the power 
plant.  You'll be just like Marie and Pierre Curie.

Homer:  What'd they do?

Lisa:  They discovered radium!  Then they both died of radiation poisoning.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F05 - Marge Gets a Job.

%
Homer:  Now, Marge, just remember.  If something goes wrong at the plant, 
blame the guy who can't speak English.  Ah, Tibor, how many times have you 
saved my butt?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F05 - Marge Gets a Job.

%
Smithers:  And this is your office.  That idiot Tibor lost the key, but you 
can jimmy it open with a credit card.  Well, have fun.

Marge:  What do I do?

Smithers:  Heh, heh, heh.  Marge, please!  According to your resume you 
invented this machine.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F05 - Marge Gets a Job.

%
Mrs. Krabappel:  Bart, have you ever read "The Boy Who Cried Wolf"?

Bart:  I'm halfway through it, I swear!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F05 - Marge Gets a Job.

%
Disturbed plant employee: [cocking a shotgun] I am the Angel of Death.  The 
Time 
of Purification is at hand.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F05 - Marge Gets a Job.

%
Montgomery Burns:  Marge, what can we do?

Marge:  Oh, you could give them healthier snacks, ... theme days, ...

Burns:  Like "Child Labour Day"?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F05 - Marge Gets a Job.

%
Mrs. Krabappel:  So, Bart, how are you feeling?

Bart:  Can't complain.

Mrs. K:  Well, then, you're ready for your make-up test.

Bart:  Ohhhhhh!  My ovaries.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F05 - Marge Gets a Job.

%
Grampa:  Have you ever read "The Boy Who Cried Wolf"?

Bart:  I glanced at it.  Boy cries wolf, has a few laughs, ... I forget how 
it ends.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F05 - Marge Gets a Job.

%
Homer:  Ohhhhh...

Marge:  What?

Homer:  I'm used to seeing people promoted ahead of me.  Friends, 
co-workers, Tibor...  I never thought it'd be my own wife.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F05 - Marge Gets a Job.

%
Marge:  Well, maybe you'd get promoted if you worked a little harder.

Homer:  Are you kidding?  I work like a Japanese beaver!

Marge:  Oh, really?  I came to see you three times today.  Twice you were 
sleeping, and once you were kicking that ball of electrical tape around!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F05 - Marge Gets a Job.

%
Bart:  Ivanhoe is a story about a Russian farmer and his tool.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F05 - Marge Gets a Job.

%
Montgomery Burns:  Yes, well, Smithers, I want you to arrange a party for 
two at my estate:  Marge, me, and do you think you could dig up Al Jolson?

Smithers:  Ah, do you remember we did that once before?

Burns:  Oh, that's right he's dead.  And rather pungent.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F05 - Marge Gets a Job.

%
Mrs. Krabappel:  Bart, to avoid this test, you've had smallpox, the bends, 
and that unfortunate bout of Tourette's syndrome.

Bart:  Well, I'm not sure I'm over it ... Shove it, witch!  [Click] [Click] 
Rrrrr, rrrrr, rrrrr!   Arrrr, arrrr, arrrr!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F05 - Marge Gets a Job.

%
Montgomery Burns: [to Marge] You have a husband?  Yes, I can picture him 
now:  rugged good looks, sweater knotted about his shoulders, curly locks 
shining in the sun like spun gold!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F05 - Marge Gets a Job.

%
Montgomery Burns:  You're fired!

Marge:  You can't fire me just because I'm married.  I'm going to sue the 
pants off you.

Burns:  You don't have to sue me to get my pants off.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F05 - Marge Gets a Job.

%
Montgomery Burns: [speaking of Marge] You love her too?  I want you to show 
this woman the time of her life.

Homer:  Gotcha! ... Marge, we're getting some drive-thru then we're doing 
it twice!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F05 - Marge Gets a Job.

%
I WILL NOT BRING SHEEP TO CLASS

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F06 - The New Kid on the Block.

%
Laura:  Are you all right?

Bart's brain:  She's beautiful.  Say something clever.

Bart's mouth: [meekly] I fell on my bottom.

Bart's brain:  D'oh!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F06 - The New Kid on the Block.

%
Woman:  I actually had some doubts about moving to Springfield, especially 
after that TIME cover story, "America's Worst City".

Marge: [proudly] You could see our house in that photo!
     
     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F06 - The New Kid on the Block.

%
Homer:  Uh, and there was something else...  Something I was supposed to 
tiptoe around...

Laura's mother:  My divorce.

Homer:  *That's* it!  Woo-hoo!  I'm glad *one* of us remembered.  *That* 
could've been embarrassing.
     
     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F06 - The New Kid on the Block.

%
Laura's mother:  Well, I know what you're thinking, and the answer is yes.  
I want to be fixed up with one of your friends as soon as you can arrange 
it.  After all, Homer, I do have the normal ... appetites.

Homer:  Heh, heh, heh.  I know what you mean.  Just let me make sure we're 
not talking about food.

Laura's mother:  I'm not.

Homer:  Right!  Me neither.  We're talking about sex, right?

Laura's mother:  Right.

Homer:  I hear you loud and clear!
     
     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F06 - The New Kid on the Block.

%
Homer:  This is my quest.  I'm like that guy.  That Spanish guy.  You know, 
he fought the windmill...

Marge:  Don Quixote?

Homer:  No, that's not it.  What's-his-name, the Man of La Mancha.

Marge:  Don Quixote.

Homer:  No!

Marge:  I really think that was the character's name.  Don Quixote.

Homer:  Fine!  I'll look it up!  [heads off and consults a reference]

Marge:  Well, who was it?

Homer:  Nevermind.
     
     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F06 - The New Kid on the Block.

%
Homer:  All you can eat.  Ha!

Lionel Hutz:  Mr. Simpson, this is the most blatant case of fraudulent 
advertising since my suit against the film, "The Never-Ending Story".
     
     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F06 - The New Kid on the Block.

%
Laura:  You know that dead body they found behind the mayor's house?

Bart:  Jimbo killed him?

Laura:  No.  But he poked him with a stick.
     
     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F06 - The New Kid on the Block.

%
Moe: [answering one of Bart's spoof 'phone calls] Amanda Hugginkiss?  Hey, 
I'm lookin' fer Amanda Hugginkiss.  Why can't I find Amanda Hugginkiss?

Barney Gumble:  Maybe your standards are too high!
     
     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F06 - The New Kid on the Block.

%
A BURP IS NOT AN ANSWER

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F07 - Mr. Plow.

%
Troy McClure:  I'm your host, Troy McClure.  You may remember me from such 
films as "The Erotic Adventures of Hercules" and "Dial M for Murderousness"!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F07 - Mr. Plow.

%
Marge:  I can't believe you bought that plow.  We can't afford it!

Homer:  If you're going to get mad at me every time I do something stupid, 
then I guess I'll just have to stop doing stupid things!

Marge:  Good!

Homer:  Fine!  I'll never, ever, ever do another stupid thing.  Good night!
          
[He turns about face straight into the truck.]

Marge: [concerned] Oh, Homey.  Didn't that hurt?

Homer: [quietly] No.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F07 - Mr. Plow.

%
Homer:  It may be on a lousy channel, but the Simpsons are on TV!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F07 - Mr. Plow.

%
Woman:  Could you make sure not to scrape my asphalt?

Homer: [sotto voce] Kiss *my* asphalt.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F07 - Mr. Plow.

%
Kent Brockman:  Could this record-breaking heat wave be the result of the 
dreaded "Greenhouse Effect"?  Well, if 70-degree days in the middle of 
winter are the `price' of car pollution, you'll forgive me if I keep my old 
Pontiac.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F07 - Mr. Plow.

%
Homer:  Our forcecast calls for flurries of passion followed by extended 
periods of gettin' it awn.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F07 - Mr. Plow.

%
TEACHER IS NOT A LEPER

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F08 - Lisa's First Word.

%
Marge: [Holding bottle] Maggie, can you say ba-ba?  Can you say mama?

Bart:  Can you say get bent?

Marge:  Bart!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F08 - Lisa's First Word.

%
Marge:  Oh Maggie, when are you going to talk?

Lisa:  Well, don't push her.  Remember, it is better to remain silent and 
be thought a fool than open your mouth and remove all doubt.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F08 - Lisa's First Word.

%
Marge:  This story begins in the unforgettable spring of 1983.  Ms. Pacman 
struck a blow for women's rights and a young Joe Piscopo taught us how to 
laugh.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F08 - Lisa's First Word.

%
Toddler Bart:  Homer!

Homer:  Heh, heh, heh, heh, heh.  "Homer"'s what grownups call me.  Call me 
"Daddy".

Toddler Bart:  Homer.

Homer:  "Daddy".

Toddler Bart:  Homer.

Homer: [annoyed] "Daddy".

Toddler Bart:  Da... da... da...

Homer:  Yes?

Toddler Bart:  D'omer!  Hah, hah, hah...

Homer: [angrily] Why you little...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F08 - Lisa's First Word.

%
Homer: [playing the old thumb and two fingers gag] Got your nose!  Heh heh 
heh.

Toddler Bart:  Got your wallet!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F08 - Lisa's First Word.

%
Marge:  There's going to be twice as much love in this house as there is 
now!

Homer:  We're going to start doing it in the morning?!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F08 - Lisa's First Word.

%
Marge:  I'm afraid we're going to need a bigger house.

Homer:  No, we won't.  I've got it all figured out.  The baby can have 
Bart's crib and Bart'll sleep with us until he's 21.

Marge:  Won't that warp him?

Homer:  My cousin Frank did it.

Marge:  You don't have a cousin Frank.

Homer:  He became Francine back in '76.  Then he joined that cult.  I think 
her name is Mother Shabubu now.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F08 - Lisa's First Word.

%
Ned Flanders:  Buenos Dias, neighboritos!  The handle's Flanders, but my 
friends call me "Ned".

Homer:  Hi, Flanders.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F08 - Lisa's First Word.

%
Homer:  It's not easy to juggle a pregnant wife and a troubled child, but 
somehow I managed to fit in eight hours of TV a day.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F08 - Lisa's First Word.

%
Accountant:  Not to worry, Mr. K.  We've rigged the cards: they're all in 
events that Communists never lose.

Krusty:  I like, I like.

Assistant:  This just came over the wires, Big K.

Krusty: [reads] Uh-huh.  Soviet boycott.  U.S. unopposed in most events.  
How does this affect our giveaway?

Accountant:  Let's see.  [calculates] You personally stand to lose $44 
million.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F08 - Lisa's First Word.

%
[Commentary from 1984 Olympic Games]

Kent Brockman:  And we're seconds away from the 100-metre butterfly.  While 
the East German, heh heh, "women", are shaving their backs nine thousand 
miles away, the Americans are heavy favourites.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F08 - Lisa's First Word.

%
[Flashback]

Marge:  Homer, I think the baby is coming.

Homer:  Wow.  A baby and a free burger.  Could this be the best day of my 
life?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F08 - Lisa's First Word.

%
Homer: [tucking Maggie into her cot] The sooner kids talk, the sooner they 
talk back.  I hope you never say a word.

Maggie: [removing her dummy] Daddy.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F08 - Lisa's First Word.

%
COFFEE IS NOT FOR KIDS

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F09 - Homer's Triple Bypass.

%
Marge:  Can't you do something for him?

Dr. Hibbert:  We-e-ll we can't fix his heart, but we can tell you how 
damaged it is.
  
Homer:  What an age we live in!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F09 - Homer's Triple Bypass.

%
"COPS: In Springfield"

  Bad cops, bad cops
  Bad cops, bad cops
  Springfield cops are on the take
  But what do you expect for the money we make?
  Whether in a car or on a horse
  We don't mind using excessive force
  Bad cops, bad cops
  Bad cops, bad cops

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F09 - Homer's Triple Bypass.

%
Dr. Hibbert: [to Marge] Now what you see here is the radioactive dye 
flowing through your husband's circulatory system.

Nurse:  But Doctor, I haven't injected the dye yet!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F09 - Homer's Triple Bypass.

%
Dr. Hibbert: Homer, I'm afraid you'll have to undergo a coronary bypass 
operation.

Homer: Say it in English, Doc.

Hibbert: You're going to need open heart surgery.

Homer: Spare me your medical mumbo-jumbo.

Hibbert: We're going to cut you open and tinker with your ticker.

Homer: Could you dumb it down a shade?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F09 - Homer's Triple Bypass.

%
Marge:  Doctor, we'll do whatever it takes to get my Homey well.

Dr. Hibbert:  Good.  I must warn you though, this procedure will cost you 
upwards to $30,000.

[Homer squawks, and collapses.]

Hibbert:  I'm afraid it's now $40,000.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F09 - Homer's Triple Bypass.

%
Homer:  Don't worry, Marge.  America's health care system is second only to 
Japan, Canada, Sweden, Great Britain, well, all of Europe, but you can 
thank your lucky stars we don't live in Paraguay!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F09 - Homer's Triple Bypass.

%
Bart:  Nothing you say can upset us.  We're the MTV generation.

Lisa:  We feel neither highs or lows.

Homer:  Really?  What's it like?

Lisa:  Ehh.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F09 - Homer's Triple Bypass.

%
Homer:  What are you in here for?

Ned Flanders:  I'm having a kidney and a lung removed.

Homer:  Who are you donating them to?

Flanders:  First come, first served.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F09 - Homer's Triple Bypass.

%
I WILL NOT EAT THINGS FOR MONEY

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F10 - Marge vs. the Monorail.

%
[discussing nuclear waste from the plant]

Smithers:  Well, sir, where should we dump *this* batch?  Playground?

Montgomery Burns:  No.  All those bald children are arousing suspicion.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F10 - Marge vs. the Monorail.

%
Mayor Quimby:  We will now hear suggestions for the disbursement of the two 
million dollars.

Lisa:  Don't you mean *three* million dollars?

Quimby: [nervous pause] Of course.  *Three* million dollars.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F10 - Marge vs. the Monorail.

%
Monorail Song
 - Lyle Lanley

Lanley:  Well, sir, there's nothing on Earth like a genuine, 
  bona fide, electrified, six-car monorail! What'd I say?
Flanders:  Monorail!
Lanley:  What's it called?
Patty & Selma:  Monorail!
Lanley:  That's right - Monorail!
Miss Hoover:  I hear those things are awfully loud.
Lanley:  It glides as softly as a cloud.
Apu:  Is there a chance the track could bend?
Lanley:  Not on your life, my Hindu friend.
Barney:  What about us brain-dead slobs?
Lanley:  You'll all be given cushy jobs.
Abe:  Were you sent here be the devil?
Lanley:  No, good sir, I'm on the level.
Wiggum:  The ring came off my pudding can.
Lanley:  Take my pen knife, my good man!  
  I swear it's Springfield's only choice!  
  Throw up your hands and raise your voice!
Everyone:  Monorail!
Lanley:  What's it called?
Everyone:  Monorail!
Lanley:  Once again!
Everyone:  Monorail!
Marge:  But Main Street's still all cracked and broken!
Bart:  Sorry Mom, the mob has spoken.
Everyone:  Monorail!
  Monorail!
  Monorail!
  Monorail!
Homer:  Mono...D'oh 

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F10 - Marge vs. the Monorail.

%
Apu:  I would like to see this money spent on more police officers.  I have 
been shot eight this year.  As a result, I almost missed work.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F10 - Marge vs. the Monorail.

%
[at the inauguration of the Springfield monorail]

Mayor Quimby:  And now, I'd like to turn things over to our Grand Marshall, 
Mr. Leonard Nimoy.

Leonard Nimoy:  I'd say this vessel could do ...at least Warp Five.

Quimby: And let me say, ``May the Force Be With You!''
   
Nimoy: [annoyed] Do you even know who I am?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F10 - Marge vs. the Monorail.

%
I WILL NOT YELL "SHE'S DEAD" DURING ROLL CALL

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F11 - Selma's Choice.

%
Homer: [singing] On top of spaghetti, all covered in cheese, I lost my poor 
meatball.

Marge:  If you don't mind, we're on our way to a funeral.

Homer:  Ding dong, the witch is dead.

Bart:  Which witch?

Homer:  The wicked witch.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F11 - Selma's Choice.

%
Funeral Priest:  He was a caring man, he was a kind man. He gave to his 
community and asked little in return. He... [astonished] That's a *woman*?  
Oh, dear God!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F11 - Selma's Choice.

%
Homer:  Patty, Selma, I'm sorry. [hugs them]

Selma:  He's hugging us. What do we do?

Patty:  Just close your eyes and think of MacGyver.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F11 - Selma's Choice.

%
Selma:  Shall we continue this conversation over dinner?

Supermarket packer:  Uh - I'm not allowed to date customers.  [It's] store 
policy.

Cashier:  No it isn't.

Packer: [kicking the cashier] Shut *up*, Arnold.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F11 - Selma's Choice.

%
Bart:  Can we go to Duff Gardens this weekend?

Homer:  Sure. Unless another aunt dies.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F11 - Selma's Choice.

%
Lisa:  Aunt Selma, this may seem a little presumptious, but have you ever 
considered artificial insemination?

Homer: [laughs] I don't know. You gotta be pretty lame to make it with a 
robot. [Marge whispers in his ear] I knew that.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F11 - Selma's Choice.

%
Selma:  Sorry, my mind's made up.

Patty:  Why do you want to have a baby so bad?

Selma:  I got a lot of love to give, and right now my only outlet is my ham 
radio.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F11 - Selma's Choice.

%
Marge:  Are you sure about this?  A baby can really change your life.

Patty:  You'll have to give up smoking.

Selma:  I'll chew.

Patty:  No man will ever want you.

Selma:  All I got now is sperm in a cup.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F11 - Selma's Choice.

%
Lisa:  G'bye Dad!  Don't eat any solids.

Homer:  But I *love* solids.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F11 - Selma's Choice.

%
Lisa: [reading from the "Duff Gardens" pamphlet] The Duff Beer-amid 
contains so much aluminum it would take five men to lift it. Twenty-two 
immigrant laborers died during its construction.

Selma:  Eh, there's plenty more where that came from.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F11 - Selma's Choice.

%
Lisa:  This is a disgrace.

Selma:  Settle down.  Anything this bad has to be educational.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F11 - Selma's Choice.

%
Selma:  Don't blame these kids, it's not their fault. I think their 
father's missing a chromosome.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F11 - Selma's Choice.

%
THE PRINCIPAL'S TOUPEE IS NOT A FRISBEE

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F12 - Brother from the Same Planet.

%
Homer:  Bart's not mad at me.

Marge:  He called you a bad father.

Homer:  Marge, when kids these days say `bad', they mean `good'.  And to 
`shake your booty' means to wiggle one's butt.  Permit me to demonstrate.
     
     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F12 - Brother from the Same Planet.

%
Bart:  Someday, I want to be an F-14 pilot like my hero Tom.  He lent me 
this new weapon called a neuro-disruptor.  [fires it at Martin]

Mrs. Krabappel:  He's not dead, is he, Bart?

Bart:  Naah, but I wouldn't give him any homework for a while.

Mrs.K:  Very good, Bart.  Thank you.

Bart:  Oh, don't thank me.  Thank an unprecedented eight-year military 
build-up.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F12 - Brother from the Same Planet.

%
Homer:  Hey, boy.  Where ya goin'?

Bart:  Father/son picnic.

Homer:  Have a good time! ... Wait a minute...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F12 - Brother from the Same Planet.

%
Bart:  You've been really great to me, but there's probably some other kid 
who needs you even more.

Tom:  Bart, I could kiss you.  If the ``Bigger Brothers'' didn't make me 
sign a form promising I wouldn't.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F12 - Brother from the Same Planet.

%
Kent Brockman:     This just in.  A fistfight is in progress in downtown 
Springfield.  Early reports indicate - and I stress that these are very 
preliminary - that one of the fighters is a giant lizard.  [inset of 
Godzilla] [to off-camera aide] Do we have a source on this? ...  Uh huh.  
A bunch of drunken frat boys. ...  All right, I could use some names.  "I. 
P.  Freeley."

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F12 - Brother from the Same Planet.

%
Bart:  Dad, remember when Tom had you in that headlock and you screamed 
``I'm a haemophiliac'' and when he let you go, you kicked him in the back?

Homer:  Heh heh heh.  Yeah.

Bart:  Could you teach me how to do that?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F12 - Brother from the Same Planet.

%
I DO NOT HAVE DIPLOMATIC IMMUNITY

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F20 - Marge in Chains.

%
Troy McClure:  Hello, everybody, I'm Troy McClure, star of such films as "P 
is for Psycho" and "The President's Neck is Missing".

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F20 - Marge in Chains.

%
Dr. Hibbert:  Ho ho ho.  Why, the only cure is bedrest.  Anything I give 
you would be a placebo.

Woman: [frantic] Where can we get these placebos?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F20 - Marge in Chains.

%
Marge:  And a bottle of aspirin.

Apu: [holding a tiny bottle] The aspirin is $24.95.

Marge:  $24.95?!

Apu:  I lowered the price because an escaped mental patient tampered with 
the bottle.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F20 - Marge in Chains.

%
Lisa:  You're a latter-day Clarence Darrow!
   
Hutz:  Uh, was he the black guy on the Mod Squad?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F20 - Marge in Chains.

%
[Marge is sentenced to jail for shop-lifting]

Homer:  Marge, I'm going to miss you so much.  And it's not just the sex.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F20 - Marge in Chains.

%
Marge: [in prison] It's so nice not to have to cook.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F20 - Marge in Chains.

%
[Marge is in jail for shoplifting]

Homer:  Now, kids, while your mother's gone, I don't want to have to wash 
any dishes, so from now on, drink straight from the faucet or milk carton, 
and we'll eat while standing over the sink or toilet.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F20 - Marge in Chains.

%
Bart:  Dad, we're running out of clean clothes!

Lisa:  It seems like I've been wearing this same red dress forever!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F20 - Marge in Chains.

%
Nelson:  Hah-hah!  Your mom's a jailbird!

Bart:  So's yours.

Nelson:  Oh yeah.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F20 - Marge in Chains.

%
I WILL NOT CHARGE ADMISSION TO THE BATHROOM

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F19 - Krusty Gets Kancelled.

%
"Springfield Squares" Announcer:  Live from Springfield Harbour where the 
sewage meets the sand...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F19 - Krusty Gets Kancelled.

%
Mayor Quimby:  I admit I used the city treasury to fund the murder of my 
enemies.  But as Gabbo would say:  "I'm a bad widdle boy".

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F19 - Krusty Gets Kancelled.

%
Gabbo:  And now it's time for another patented Gabbo Crank Call!

Bart:  I can't believe it.  He stole this bit from Krusty!

Lisa:  Yeah, well, Krusty stole it from Steve Allen.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F19 - Krusty Gets Kancelled.

%
Bart:  Somebody ought to ruin Gabbo's career the way he ruined Krusty's.

Lisa:  Two wrongs don't make a right, Bart.

Bart:  Yes they do.

Lisa:  No they don't.

Bart:  Yes they do!

Lisa:  No they don't!

Bart:  Yes they do!!

Lisa:  Daaaad!

Homer:  Two wrongs make a right, Lisa.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F19 - Krusty Gets Kancelled.

%
Krusty the Clown:  Thirty-five years in television and already nobody 
remembers me.  Just like what's-his-face.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F19 - Krusty Gets Kancelled.

%
Krusty:  I don't know how to thank you kids.

Bart:  That's all right, Krusty.

Lisa:  We're getting fifty percent of the T-shirt sales.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F19 - Krusty Gets Kancelled.

%
I WILL NEVER WIN AN EMMY

   Blackboard
     [ ] Simpsons - 9F21 - Homer's Barbershop Quartet.

%
[opening the Springfield Swapmeet]

Mayor Quimby: [aside] Human roaches, feeding off each others' garbage!  The 
only thing you can't buy here is dignity. [taps the microphone] Welcome 
swappers!  To the Springfield swap meet!  Ich bin ein Springfield swap meet 
patron! [aside] I need a drink and a shower.

     [ ] Simpsons - 9F21 - Homer's Barbershop Quartet.

%
Marge: [selling homecrafts at Springfield Swapmeet] Your teenage son or 
daughter will think this wishbone necklace is really cool!

Man:  I doubt my son or daughter is that stupid.

     [ ] Simpsons - 9F21 - Homer's Barbershop Quartet.

%
Bart:  Dad, when did you record an album?

Homer:  I'm surprised you don't remember, son.  It was only eight years ago.

Bart:  Dad, thanks to television, I can't remember what happened eight 
minutes ago.

     [ ] Simpsons - 9F21 - Homer's Barbershop Quartet.

%
Apu: [introducing himself] Apu Nahasapeemapetilon.

Nigel:  Hmm.  Never fit on a marquee, luv.  From now on, your name is Apu 
de Beaumarchais.

Apu: [unhappily] That is a great dishonour to my ancestors and my 
god...[brightens] but okay!

     [ ] Simpsons - 9F21 - Homer's Barbershop Quartet.

%
Principal Skinner:  Only one question remains, gentlemen...what do we call 
ourselves?

Nigel:  How about, "Handsome Homer Simpson Plus Three?"

Barney Gumble:  I like it!

Apu:  Wait, I do not.

Skinner:  Er, um, we need a name that's witty at first, but that seems less 
funny each time you hear it.

Apu:  How about, "The Be Sharps?"

[Everyone laughs loud at first, then less, then the laughter tapers off]

Skinner:  Perfect!

     [ ] Simpsons - 9F21 - Homer's Barbershop Quartet.

%
Barey Gumble:  David Crosby!  You're my hero.

David Crosby:  You like my music?

Barney:  You're a musician!?

     [ ] Simpsons - 9F21 - Homer's Barbershop Quartet.

%
Lisa:  I can't believe you're not still popular.

Bart:  What'd you do?  Screw up like the Beatles and say you were bigger 
than Jesus?

Homer:  All the time!  That was the title of our second album.

     [ ] Simpsons - 9F21 - Homer's Barbershop Quartet.

%
Homer:  We were about to learn an iron law of show business: what goes up 
must come down.

Lisa:  What about Bob Hope?  He's been consistently popular for over fifty 
years.

Bart:  So's Sinatra.

Homer:  Well, anyway, we were all getting tired of ...

Lisa:  Dean Martin still packs 'em in.

Bart:  Ditto Tom Jones.

Homer:  Shut up!

     [ ] Simpsons - 9F21 - Homer's Barbershop Quartet.

%
THE CAFETERIA DEEP FRYER IS NOT A TOY

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F22 - Cape Feare.

%
Abe:  I say we call Matlock.  He'll find the culprit.  It's probably that 
evil Gavin MacLeod or George "Goober" Lindsay.

Bart: [dismissively] Grampa, Matlock's not real.

Abe:  Neither are my teeth, but I can still eat corn on the cob, if someone 
cuts it off and smushes it into a fine paste.  Now that's good eatin'!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F22 - Cape Feare.

%
Milhouse: [to Bart] Um, I checked around.  The girls are calling you 
"fatty-fat fat fat", and Nelson's planning to pull down your pants, 
but...nobody's trying to kill ya.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F22 - Cape Feare.

%
Wiggum:  I'd like to help you ma'am, but, heh heh, I'm afraid there's no 
law against mailing threatening letters.

Marge:  I'm pretty sure there is.

Wiggum:  Hah!  The day I take cop lessons from Ma Kettle ...

Lou: [reading "Springfield Law"] Hey, she's right, Chief.

Wiggum:  Well, shut my mouth.  It's *also* illegal to put squirrels down 
your pants for the purposes of gambling. ... Knock it off, boys.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F22 - Cape Feare.

%
Bob:  Take care, Snake.  May the next time we meet be under more... 
*felicitous* circumstances.

Snake: [not understanding] Guh?

Bob:  Take care.

Snake:  Buh.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F22 - Cape Feare.

%
Lawyer:  Robert, if released, would you pose any threat to one Bart Simpson?

Sideshow Bob: [gritting his teeth] Bart Simpson?  Ha!  The spirited little 
scamp who twice foiled my evil schemes and [maliciously] sent me to this 
dank, urine-soaked hellhole?

Officer:  Uh, we object to the term "urine-soaked hellhole" when you could 
have said, "peepee-soaked heckhole".

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F22 - Cape Feare.

%
Bart+Lisa:  Aa-a-a-h!!  Sideshow Bob!

Bart:  *You* wrote me those letters.

Marge:  You awful man!  Stay away from my son.

Sideshow Bob:  Oh, I'll stay away from your son, all right. [evilly] Stay 
away...forever!

Homer:  No-o-o!

Bob:  Wait a minute, that's no good. [Walks away, then runs back] Wait!  
I've got a good one now.  Marge, say, "Stay away from my son," again.

Marge: [angrily] No!

Bob: [groaning] Oh...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F22 - Cape Feare.

%
Agent:  We have places your family can hide in peace and security: 
CapeFear; Terror Lake; New Horrorfield; Screamville...

Homer: [enthusiastically] Ooh, Ice Creamville!

Agent:  Er, no, Screamville.

Homer: [scared] Aah!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F22 - Cape Feare.

%
Sideshow Bob:  Well, Bart...any last requests?

Bart:  Well, there is one, but...nah.

Bob: [curious] No, go on.

Bart: Well, you have such a beautiful voice.

Bob: [arrogantly] Guilty as charged.

Bart: Uh huh.  Anyway, I was wondering if you could sing the entire score 
of the "H.M.S.  Pinafore".

Bob:  Very well, Bart.  I shall send you to heaven before I send you to 
hell.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F22 - Cape Feare.

%
Bart:  Take him away, boys.

Wiggum:  Hey, I'm the chief here!  Bake him away, toys.

Lou:  What'd you say, chief?

Wiggum: [quietly] Do what the kid says.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 9F22 - Cape Feare.

%
Burns: [awakening, over the intercom] Mmm...hmm...what?  How dare you 
disturb me during nap time.

Agent 1:  We're from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.  This is a surprise 
test of worker competence.
  
Burns:  There must be some mistake.  We, er, we make cookies here: Mr. 
Burns' Olde-Fashioned Good-Time Extra-Chewy...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F02 - Homer Goes to College. 

%
Burns:  The watchdog of public safety...is there any lower form of life?

Smithers:  Don't worry sir, I rounded up our less gifted employees and led 
them into the basement.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F02 - Homer Goes to College. 

%
Burns:  Oh, very well, it's time for your bribe.  Now, you can either have 
the washer and dryer where the lovely Smithers is standing, or you can 
trade it all in for what's in this box.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F02 - Homer Goes to College. 

%
Dean:  Hi there!  Hello, I'm Dean Peterson, but you can call me Bobby.  I 
just want you to know if you ever feel stressed out from studying or 
whatever, I'm always up for some hackey sack.  Or, hey!  If you just want 
to come by and jam, ... [picking up a guitar] I used to be the bass player 
for the Pretenders.
       
Homer:  Boy, I can't wait to take some of the starch out of that stuffed 
shirt.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F02 - Homer Goes to College. 

%
Marge:  Homer, please!  These boys sound very nice, but they're clearly 
nerds.

Homer:  Really?  But nerds are my mortal enemy!

Lisa:  Dad, nerds are nothing to fear.  In fact, they've done some pretty 
memorable things.  Some nerds of note include...popcorn magnate Orville 
Redenbacher, rock star David Byrne, and supreme court justice David Souter.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F02 - Homer Goes to College. 

%
Nerd:  What are you going to do, Mr. Simpson?

Homer:  Actually, I've been working on a plan.  During the exam, I'll hide 
under some coats, and hope that somehow everything will work out.

Nerd: [sternly] Or, with our help, you can cram like you've never crammed 
before!

Homer:  Whatever.  Either way is good.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F02 - Homer Goes to College. 

%
Nerd: Oh, man, I can't believe you failed.

Homer:  Oh!  I'm gonna lose my job just because I'm dangerously unqualified!

Nerd: Mr. Simpson, there is a way.  We could ... well, use a computer to 
change your grade.

Homer: [surprised] Computers can do that?

Nerd 2:  Well, yes...the only problem is the moral dilemma it raises, which 
requires ...

Homer:  Oh, I love... moral whuzzah?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F02 - Homer Goes to College. 

%
Marge:  An A+!  How did you do it?

Homer:  Oh, let's just say I had help from a little magic box.

Marge:  You changed your grade with a computer?

Homer:  Doh!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F02 - Homer Goes to College. 

%
Homer:  Look, the important thing is that we all learned a lesson.  These 
guys learned the richness and variety of the world outside college.

Nerd 2:  No we didn't.

Homer:  Oh.  Then I learned the real value of college is to study, and work 
hard.

Lisa:  No you didn't.  You only passed your course by cheating, which you 
always taught us was wrong.

Homer: Hmm...true.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F02 - Homer Goes to College. 

%
Homer: Well, I guess it's back to college for me.  And that means it's time 
to... what did I teach you guys?

Nerds 1, 2 and 3: [tentatively and in unison] "Par-ty down?"

Homer:  Yes!!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F02 - Homer Goes to College. 

%
Montgomery Burns: [watching the monitors as Homer struggles with his 
clothes to the amusement of all around him] That man who's getting all 
those laughs, Smithers... who is he?

Smithers:  Homer Simpson, sir.  One of the carbon blobs from sector 7-G, 
but I don't think...

Burns:  I want this Simpson fellow to perform comedy at my party.  I must 
harness his fractured take on modern life.

Smithers:  Fine, sir.  I'll get him started on some snappy Sinbad-esque 
material.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F01 - Rosebud.

%
Marge:  What are you doing?

Homer:  I'm writing a delicious send-up of Mr. Burns for his birthday 
party. ... Is "poopoo" one word or two?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F01 - Rosebud.

%
Lisa:  Actually, Mom, a tweaking of Mr. Burns' foibles if done with the 
greatest of care could earn Dad a special place in the old man's heart.
       
Homer:  Well, I also do a delightful impression of him. [laughs] I paint a 
frowny face on my butt and pull down my pants!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F01 - Rosebud.

%
Homer:  "Now I'm not saying Mr. Burns is incontinent"...

Bart:  Incontinent.  [laughs] Too rich!

Lisa:  Does either of you know what "incontinent" means?

Homer:  Lisa, don't spoil our fun.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F01 - Rosebud.

%
Smithers:  Here are several fine young men who I'm sure are gonna go far.  
Ladies and gentlemen, the Ramones!

Burns:  Ah, these minstrels will soothe my jangled nerves.

Joey Ramone:  I'd just like to say this gig sucks!

Johnny Ramone:  Hey, up yours, Springfield.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F01 - Rosebud.

%
Homer:  Oh, where did I lose 'em?  I'll never wiggle my bare butt in public 
again.

Lisa:  I'd like to believe that this time.  I really would.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F01 - Rosebud.

%
Bart:  Dad, I know you're discouraged, but please don't deny the world your 
fat can.

Homer:  Don't worry, boy, he'll be ready for your Aunt Selma's birthday.

Lisa:  I knew it.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F01 - Rosebud.

%
Smithers:  Look at all the wonderful things you have, sir: King Arthur's 
"Excalibur".  The only existing nude photo of Mark Twain.  And that rare 
first draft of the constitution with the word "suckers" in it.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F01 - Rosebud.

%
Bart:  Hey!  There's a head in this bag [of ice].

Apu:  Those bags are special; chock-full of heady goodness.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F01 - Rosebud.

%
[Homer watches TV whilst Maggie brandishes Burns' old teddy]

Ken brockmant:  The Burns bear - perhaps the most valuable widdle bear in 
the world - could be anywhere.  It could be in your house...
[It is.]

Brockman:  You could be looking at it right now.  It could be right in 
front of your face as I'm saying this, ...

[it is]
Brockman:  ... waggling back and forth, perhaps being held up by a loved 
one.

[it is...]

Homer:  Maggie, I'm trying to watch TV.  Put that moldy old bear down!  
[some form of realisation hits] Moldy?  Old? ... I'm gonna get something to 
eat!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F01 - Rosebud.

%
Lisa:  "Bobo".  It's Mr. Burns' bear all right.

Homer:  Well, Burns isn't getting *this* back cheap, I can tell you that.  
He's gonna have to give me ... my own recording studio!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F01 - Rosebud.

%
[the family have Bruns' childhood teddy bear in their possesion]

Marge:  I'm sure he'll offer a fair reward.  [as an afterthought] And then 
we'll make him double it.

Family: [startled] Huh?

Marge: [defensive] Well why can't I be greedy once in a while?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F01 - Rosebud.

%
Homer:  I knew you'd come crawling back.

Montgomery Burns:  How much do you want?

Homer:  A million dollars and three Hawaiian islands.  Good ones, not the 
leper one!

Burns:  Done!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F01 - Rosebud.

%
Marge: [incredulous] Have you been up all night eating cheese?

Homer: [slurred] I think I'm blind...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F01 - Rosebud.

%
Man 1:  Excuse me, we wanted to see the geek who valued the happiness of 
his children more than money.

Homer: [unenthused] Right here.

Man 2:  Aw, you said his head was the size of a baseball.

Homer:  Oh, my life can't get any worse.

Smithers: [over the intercom] Homer Simpson, report for much worse duty.

Homer:  D'oh!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F01 - Rosebud.

%
Montgomery Burns: [having taken over the entire television spectrum] What's 
that you say?  You can live without television so long as you have *beer*? 
...

Homer: [defiantly] That's right.

Burns:  ... Wrong!  All beer trucks heading towards Springfield have been 
diverted...this town will be as dry as a bone.  And if the rest of you 
beer-swilling tube-jockeys out there have a problem with this, talk to 
Homer Simpson. [The doorbell rings, and Homer answers it]

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F01 - Rosebud.

%
Burns:  Well, Maggie, I've given this a lot of thought.  I'm sure we can 
come to some sort of agreement... [he tries to wrestle his battered 
childhood teddy bear away], but he's too weak] Beaten by an infant.  What 
could be more humiliating?
	  
Paparrazzo: [taking a photo' over the garden fence] What a scoop!
     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F01 - Rosebud.

%
Burns: [having his childhood teddy bear returned by Maggie] For me?  Bobo?  
Smithers, I'm so happy.  Something amazing has happened: I'm actually 
happy.  Take a note! [resolute] From now on, I'm only going to be good and 
kind to everyone.

Smithers:  I'm sorry sir, I don't have a pencil.

Burns:  Ehh, don't worry, I'm sure I'll remember it.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F01 - Rosebud.

%
Homer:  Well...we didn't get any money, but Mr. Burns got what he wanted.  
Marge, I'm confused!  Is this a happy ending or a sad ending?

Marge:  It's an ending.  That's enough.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F01 - Rosebud.

%
Bart:  Paintings: lifeless images rendered in colourful goop.  But at 
night, they take on a life of their own.  They become portals to hell, so 
scary and horrible and gruesome that...

Marge:  Bart!  You should warn people this episode is very frightening.  
And maybe they'd rather listen to that old "War of the Worlds" broadcast on 
NPR, hmm?

Bart:  Yes, mother.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV.

%
Lenny:  Sorry, Homer.  While you were daydreaming we ate all the doughnuts.

Carl:  Well, there were a few left, but we chucked them at an old man for 
kicks.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (The Devil and Homer 
Simpson).

%
Homer: [reading a note] "Dear Homer, I. O. U. one emergency doughnut.  
Signed, Homer."  Aaah!  He's always one step ahead.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (The Devil and Homer 
Simpson).

%
Homer: [ruefully] I'd sell my soul for a doughnut.

Satan Flanders: [appearing out of nowhere] Heh heh, that can be arranged.

Homer:  What... Flanders!  You're the devil?

Flanders:  Ho ho, it's always the one you least suspect.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (The Devil and Homer 
Simpson).

%
Satan Flanders:  Many people offer to sell their souls without reflecting 
on the grave ramifications...

Homer: [impatiently] *Do* you have a doughnut or not?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (The Devil and Homer 
Simpson).

%
Burns:  Hmm...who's that goat-legged fellow?  I like the cut of his jib.

Smithers:  Er, Prince of Darkness, sir.  He's your eleven o'clock.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (The Devil and Homer 
Simpson).

%
Flanders:  Now remember, the instant you finish it, I own your soul for...

Homer: [through a full mouth] Hey, wait:  if I don't finish this last bite, 
you don't get my soul, do you?

Flanders:  Well, technically, no, but...

Homer: [gloating] I'm smarter than the devil!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (The Devil and Homer 
Simpson).

%
Lisa:  Wait!  Doesn't my father have the right to a fair trial?

Flanders:  Oh, you Americans with your due process and fair trials.  This 
is always so much easier in Mexico.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (The Devil and Homer 
Simpson).

%
Marge: [looking at phone book] Lawyers, lawyers, lawyers...oh!  Lionel 
Hutz.  "Cases won in 30 minutes or your pizza's free."  Hmm.

Bart:  I'd sell my soul for a formula one racing car.
  
Satan Flanders:  Heh heh heh, that can be arranged.

Bart:  Changed my mind.  Sorry. [Flanders vanishes] Cool!

Marge:  Bart!  Stop pestering Satan.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (The Devil and Homer 
Simpson).

%
Marge:  Homer!  Are you all right?

Homer: [meekly] No.

Hutz:  Mr. Simpson, don't you worry.  I watched Matlock in a bar last 
night.  The sound wasn't on, but I think I got the gist of it.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (The Devil and Homer 
Simpson).

%
The Grim Reaper:  Hear Ye, Hear Ye.  The Court of Infernal Affairs is now 
in session.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (The Devil and Homer 
Simpson).

%
Hutz:  First some ground rules.  Number one, we get bathroom breaks every 
half-hour.

Flanders:  Agreed.  Number two, the jury will be chosen by me.

Hutz:  Agreed.  [realizing] No, wait...

Flanders:  Silence!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (The Devil and Homer 
Simpson).

%
Flanders:  I give you the Jury of the Damned!  Benedict Arnold, Lizzie 
Borden, Richard Nixon...

Nixon:  But I'm not dead yet!  In fact, I just wrote an article for Redbook.

Flanders:  Hey, listen: I did a favour for you!

Nixon: [humbly] Yes, master.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (The Devil and Homer 
Simpson).

%
Blackbeard: [reading a scrawl] Arr, 'tis some kind of treasure map!

Arnold:  You idiot!  You can't read.

Blackbeard:  Aye, 'tis true.  My debauchery was my way of compensatin'!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (The Devil and Homer 
Simpson).

%
Bart:  The next exhibit in out ghoulish gallery is entitled..."The School 
Bus"? [realising] Oh, they must mean "The Gho-o-oul Bus."

Lisa: [reading the painting] Nope, says right there: "School Bus".

Bart: [with mock enthusiasm] Well, there's nothing scarier than having to 
go to school.  Ha ha!  
     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV.

%
Milhouse:  Hey Bart, look.  Krusty trading cards.  The long-awaited "Eight 
Series".

Bart: [reading the cards] "Krusty visits relatives in Annapolis, Maryland.  
Krusty poses for trading card photo."

Milhouse:  Hmm...he seems to be running a little low on ideas.

Bart:  Well, at least you got the gum.

Milhouse: [biting it] Ow!  I cut my cheek.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (Terror at 5 and a 
half feet).

%
Lisa:  Bart, what's wrong?

Bart: [in a monotone] I just had a vision of my own horrible fiery death.

Lisa: [expectantly] And?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (Terror at 5 and a 
half feet).

%
Principal Skinner:  Hello, Simpson.  I'm riding the bus today because 
Mother hid my car keys to punish me for talking to a woman on the phone.  
She was right to do it.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (Terror at 5 and a 
half feet).

%
Bart:  Milhouse...Milhouse, wake up, quick!  Look out the window.

Milhouse:  No way, Bart.  If I lean over, I leave myself open to wedgies, 
wet willies, or even the dreaded rear-admiral!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (Terror at 5 and a 
half feet).

%
Principal Skinner:  Now I've gotten word that a child is using his 
imagination... and I've come to put a stop to it!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (Terror at 5 and a 
half feet).

%
Ned Flanders:  Oh dear Lord, it's some sort of hideous monster. ... Aw, 
isn't that cute.  He's
trying to claw my eyes out!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (Terror at 5 and a 
half feet).

%
Bart: [bound in a strait-jacket] Look at the bus.  I was right, I tell you, 
I was right!

Principal Skinner: [sternly] Right or wrong, your behavior was still 
disruptive, young man!  
     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (Terror at 5 and a 
half feet).

%
Bart:  We come now to the final and most terrifying painting of the 
evening.  To even gaze upon it is [dramatically] to go mad.

Homer: [looking at it] Aah!  They're dogs...and they're playing poker!

Bart:  We had a story to go with this painting, but it was far too intense. 
 So we just threw something together with vampires.  Enjoy!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV.

%
Kent Brockman: [reporting on TV] Another local peasant has been found 
dead... drained of his blood with two teeth marks on his throat.  This 
black cape was found on the scene. [Cape has "DRACULA" written on it] 
Police are baffled.

Wiggum:  We think we're dealing with a supernatural being, most likely a 
mummy.  As a precaution, I've ordered the Egyptian wing of the Springfield 
museum destroyed.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (Bart Simpson's 
Dracula).

%
Lisa:  No, no, they're wrong!  The creature they seek is the walking 
undead!  Nosferatu!  Das Wampyr! ... A vampire!

Homer:  Heh, heh.  Lisa, vampires are make-believe, just like elves, 
gremlins, and eskimos.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (Bart Simpson's 
Dracula).

%
Kent Brockman:  In a completely unrelated story, Montgomery Burns has just 
closed a deal to buy the Springfield Blood Bank.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (Bart Simpson's 
Dracula).

%
Homer:  It sure was nice of Mr. Burns to invite us to a midnight dinner at 
his country house in... Pennsylvania!

Lisa:  Aw, there's something fishy about this whole setup.

Marge:  Lisa, stop being so suspicious.  Did everyone wash their necks like 
Mr. Burns asked?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (Bart Simpson's 
Dracula).

%
Montgomery Burns: [over the entryphone] Welcome, come in.  Ah, fresh 
victims for my ever-growing army of the undead...

Smithers:  Sir, you have to let go of that button.

Burns:  Well, son of a bi...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (Bart Simpson's 
Dracula).

%
Montgomery Burns:  Well, if it isn't my good friends, the, er...

Smithers:  Simpson family, Master.

Burns:  Simpson, eh?  Excellent.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (Bart Simpson's 
Dracula).

%
Lisa: [sotto voce] Dad, do you notice anything strange?

Homer: [sotto voce] Yeah, his hairdo looks so queer...

Montgomery Burns:  I heard that!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (Bart Simpson's 
Dracula).

%
Homer:  Ooh, punch!

Lisa: [sniffs it] Ew!  Dad, this is blood!

Homer:  Correction... *free* blood.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (Bart Simpson's 
Dracula).

%
Homer:  Oh, Lisa, you and your stories.
       "Bart is a vampire."
       "Beer kills brain cells."
       Now let's go back to that...building...thingy, where our beds and
       TV...is.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (Bart Simpson's 
Dracula).

%
Homer:  Bart!  How many times have I told you not to bite your sis... 
[gasps] Wait a minute!  You *are* a vampire!
Abe: [wielding a hammer and stake] Quick!  We have to kill the boy!

Marge:  How do you know he's a vampire?

Abe:  He's a vampire?  Aah!  [runs away]

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (Bart Simpson's 
Dracula).

%
Marge: [speaking of Bart] Homer, we've got to do something.  Today, he's 
drinking people's blood.  Tomorrow, he could be smoking!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (Bart Simpson's 
Dracula).

%
Lisa:  The only way to get Bart back is to kill the head vampire: Mr. Burns!

Homer:  Kill my boss?  Do I dare to live out the American dream?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (Bart Simpson's 
Dracula).

%
Lisa:  You must drive this stake right through his heart.

Homer:  Take that, vile fiend!

Lisa:  Uh, Dad?  That's his crotch.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (Bart Simpson's 
Dracula).

%
Lisa:  Grandpa's a vampire?

Bart:  We're all vampires!

Lisa:  But, no!  We killed Mr. Burns...

Homer:  You have to kill the *head* vampire.

Lisa: [points at Homer] *You're* the head vampire?

Marge:  No, *I'm* the head vampire.  [laughs ghoulishly]

Lisa:  Mom?!

Marge:  I *do* have a life outside this house, you know.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F04 - Treehouse of Horror IV (Bart Simpson's 
Dracula).

%
Troy McClure:  Hi, I'm Troy McClure.  You might remember me from such 
telethons as "Out With Gout '88" and "Let's Save Tony Orlando's House."  
Folks, do you realize without your support, public television can't afford 
to bring you such award-winning shows as "Edward the Penitent"?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F03 - Marge on the Lam.

%
Marge: [of public TV] They need our support!  Besides, they gave me two 
tickets to the ballet.

Homer: [jubilant] Ballet?  Woo-hoo!

Marge: [incredulous] You like ballet?

Homer:  Marjorie, *please*.  I enjoy *all* the meats of our cultural stew.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F03 - Marge on the Lam.

%
Homer:  Hello?  Can I get some help?  Snack related mishap.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F03 - Marge on the Lam.

%
Montgomery Burns:  Far to much dancing.  Not enough prancing.

Smithers:  A little mincing would be nice.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F03 - Marge on the Lam.

%
Marge:  Well, thank you for a lovely time.

Ruth Power:  You're not going home already, are you?

Marge:  Well, it's almost 9:30.

Ruth:  Yeah. ... Oh, wait.  You're serious.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F03 - Marge on the Lam.

%
[Homer has his arms stuck in two vending machines]

Workman:  Homer, this...this is never easy to say.  I'm going to have to 
saw your arms off.  [wielding a power saw]

Homer: [whining] They'll grow back, right?

Workman:  Oh, er, yeah.

Homer:  Whew!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F03 - Marge on the Lam.

%
[Homer has his arms stuck in two vending machines]

Plant technician:  Homer - are you just holding onto the can?

Homer:  Your point being.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F03 - Marge on the Lam.

%
Ruth: [sighing] I envy you and Homer.

Marge:  Thank you. ... Why?

Ruth:  If you ever met my ex-husband, you'd understand.  All he ever did 
was eat, sleep, and drink beer.

Marge:  Your point being?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F03 - Marge on the Lam.

%
Marge:  You look ... nice.

Ruth Power:  Tonight has nothing to do with "nice".

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F03 - Marge on the Lam.

%
Homer:  Fine.  I can have a great time all by myself.

Lisa:  Hey Dad, I think state and federal laws require us to have a 
babysitter.
       
Homer:  Oh, Lisa.  Haven't you seen "Home Alone"?  If some burglars come, 
it'll be a very humorous and entertaining situation.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F03 - Marge on the Lam.

%
Bar slouch:  Hey baby - feel like getting lucky.

Marge:  I *am* lucky.  I have a husband and three great children.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F03 - Marge on the Lam.

%
Ruth Power:  Relax, Marge.  I'd never turn a gun on a human being.  My 
husband on the other hand.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F03 - Marge on the Lam.

%
Ruth Power:  Look you can see our houses.

Marge:  Hmmm - there's an awful lot of black smoke coming from our chimney.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F03 - Marge on the Lam.

%
Chief Wiggum: We're in pursuit of two female suspects.  One is wearing a 
green dress, pearls, and has a lot of blue hair.

Homer: A lot of blue hair?  Hee hee ... what a freak!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F03 - Marge on the Lam.

%
Chief Wiggum:  Oh my god!  It just disappeared.  It's a ghost car!  There 
are ghost cars all over these highways, y'know.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F03 - Marge on the Lam.

%
Chief Wiggum:  Dispatch, this is Chief Wiggum, back in pursuit of the 
rebelling women.

Dispatch: [over radio] All right, your current location?

Wiggum:  Oh, uh, I'm, er, I'm on a road.  Uh, looks to be asphalt... oh, 
jeez - trees; shrubs... er, I'm directly under the Earth's sun...now!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F03 - Marge on the Lam.

%
Kent:  We've just received word of a high-speed desert chase.  The suspects 
have been identified as Ruth Powers and Marge Simpson of Springfield.

Bart:  Cool!

Lisa:  I always knew someday Mom would violently rise up and cast off the 
shackles of our male oppressors.

Bart:  Ehh?  Shut your yap.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F03 - Marge on the Lam.

%
Narrator:  Ruth Powers was tried in Springfield Superior Court.  The judge 
dismissed her ex-husband's auto theft charges and forced him to pay all 
back child support.  Mr. Powers blamed the outcome on his lawyer, one 
Lionel Hutz.  Lionel Hutz, AKA Miguel Sanchez, AKA Dr. Nguyen Van Falk, was 
paid eight dollars for his thirty-two hours of babysitting.  He was glad to 
get it.  Marge Simpson was charged with a violation of penal code section 
618A: Wanton Destruction of Precious Antique Cans.  She was ordered to pay 
fifty cents to replace the cans, and $2000 in punitive damages and mental 
anguish.  Homer Simpson was remanded to the custody of the United States 
Army Neurochemical Research Center at Fort Meade, Maryland, for extensive 
testing.


Homer:  Woo-hoo!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F03 - Marge on the Lam.

%
Homer:  Oh my God!

Lisa:  What is it?

Homer:  Tramapoline!  Trampopoline!  [runs out]

Bart:  He said what now?

Marge:  Please, don't bring home any more old crutches!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Krusty:  You here for the trampoline?

Homer:  Yeah.  What's the deal?

Krusty:  Well, I used to do a lot of tumbling in my act, but I'm phasing it 
out for more dirty limericks: "There once was a man named Enis..."

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Milhouse:  Stop jumping on me!  I'm hurt.

Homer:  Kids, kids: once you get hurt, move aside and let other people jump.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Homer:  If this were a cartoon, the cliff would break off now.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Kearney:  Shh, quiet!  You'll wake up old man Simpson.

Jimbo:  Hey, no more trampoline.

Kearney:  Let's jump on the car instead!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Marge:  Kids, tell me the truth - am I no fun?  Do I just nag all the time?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Troy McClure:  Oh, hi!  I'm Troy McClure.  You might remember me from such 
self-help videos as "Smoke Yourself Thin" and "Get Confident, Stupid".

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Troy McClure:  A few weeks ago, I was a washed-up actor with a drinking 
problem.  Then Brad Goodman came along and gave me this job and a can of 
fortified wine!  Ah... sweet liquor eases the pain.  And now I'd like to 
introduce the man who will put the "you" in "impr-you-vement": Brad 
Goodman!

Brad Goodman:  Thank you so much, Troy.  And by the way - I'm not happy 
you're still drinking.  But at least you're down to one from more than
fifty.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Marge:  From now on, I'm going to stop nagging and have more fun.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Homer:  Wow, for free!  Surplus drums of mayonnaise from operation Desert 
Storm!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Homer:  Well, here we are at the Brad Goodman lecture.

Lisa:  We know, Dad.

Homer:  I just thought I'd remind everybody.  After all, we did agree to 
attend this self-help seminar.

Bart:  What an *odd* thing to say...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Brad Goodman:  Thank you.  OK, folks.  Let me hear what's troubling you.  
Don't be shy, yell it out.  Everybody, go!

Quimby:  I, er, can't commit to a relationship.

Burns:  I'm too nice!

Apu:  I have problems with...

Lenny:  I'm always interrupting people!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Brad Goodman:  Right now, I want each of you to try something interesting.  
There's no trick to it - it's just a simple trick!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Brad Goodman:  Now, close your eyes for a moment and really listen to that 
inner voice inside, your inner child.  Listen!  What's he saying?

Ned: [inside] Stay the course, big Ned.  You're doing super!

Homer: [inside] Food goes in here!  [spoken] It sure does.

Moe: [inside] Hey, Moe, what's-a-matter?  You no talka with you accent no 
more.  [spoken] Mama mia!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Brad Goodman:  You see, folks, we're all trying to please someone else.  
And as soon as you're not a human be-ing, you're a human do-ing.  Then what 
comes next?

Bart:  A human go-ing!  [gets up to leave]

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Brad Goodman:  People, this young man here *is* the inner child I've been 
talking about!

Lisa: [incredulous] What?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Brad Goodman:  Son, you've never read any of my books, have you?

Bart: [snorts] "Earth to boring guy."

[Audience howls with laughter]

Goodman: [laughs] That means "no", huh?  I'm not so old-fashioned.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Brad Goodman:  This is really remarkable.  Here we have a man with an 
obvious eating disorder, and a woman with a bizarre hairstyle, I'm sure 
worn only for shock value...

Marge:  Erm

Goodman:  ... and yet, they've managed to raise an emotionally healthy son. 
 That's fantastic.

Marge:  Oh, thank you.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Brad Goodman:  We can all learn a lot from this young man here, this, 
this...

Bart:  Rudiger.

Goodman:  ... Rudiger.  And if we can all be more like little Rudiger...

Marge:  His name is Bart.

Brad Goodman: [snaps] His name isn't important!  What's important here is 
that this lad has fully developed ego integrity with well-defined 
boundaries.

Bart: [snoring noises]

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Lisa:  This is madness.  He's just peddling a bunch of easy answers.

Carl: [enthusiastically] And how!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Ken Brockman:  The winds of change are in the air in Springfield, and it's 
about as refreshing as a pre-moistened towelette.  Folks are finally 
accepting their feelings and really communicating, with no holding back, 
and this reporter thinks it's about [bleep]ing time.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Bart:  Lis, today I am a god.

Lisa:  Is that why you're sitting on an ice cream sandwich?

Bart:  Eww!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Mrs. Krabappel: [reading] "The wireless was an invention by Guglielmo 
Marconi."  Who can tell me what his first message was?

Bart:  Uh...

Milhouse:  "I want-a change-a my name-a!"

Mrs. Krabappel: [chuckling] Oh, good one, Milhouse.  Anyone else?  The 
first message by wireless?

Bart:  It was...

Martin:  Our tenth caller will receive tickets to Supertramp!

[Everyone laughs]

Bart:  Aw, geez...everybody's a comedian.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Bart:  Lis, everyone in town is acting like me.  So why does it suck?

Lisa:  It's simple, Bart: you've defined yourself as a rebel, and in the 
absence of a repressive milieu your societal nature's been co-
opted.

Bart: [pause] I see.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Lisa:  Ever since that self-help guy came to town, you've lost your 
identity.  You've fallen through the cracks of our quick-fix, one-hour 
photo, instant oatmeal society.

Bart:  What's the answer?

Lisa:  Well, this is your chance to develop a new and better identity.  May 
I suggest...good-natured doormat?

Bart:  Sounds good, sis.  Just tell me what to do.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Burns:  I feel like such a free spirit, and I'm really enjoying this 
so-called...*iced* cream.

Smithers:  Sir, in the spirit of the festival and everything, I'd just like 
to say that...[clears throat]...I...love you.

Burns:  Hmm?

Smithers: [back-peddling] In those colours!  [aside] Oh, who am I kidding? 
 The boathouse was the time!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Mayor Quimby:  Good afternoon and welcome to the "Do What You Feel" 
festival.  By the way, this young lady is not my wife, but I *am* sleeping 
with her.  I'm telling you this because I'm comfortable with my womanizing.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Moe:  They're heading for the old mill!

Homer:  No we're not.

Moe:  Well, let's go to the old mill anyway - get some cider!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
Marge:  The lesson here is that self-improvement is better left to people 
who live in big cities.

Lisa:  No!  Self-improvement can be achieved, but not with a quick fix: 
it's a long, arduous journey of personal and spiritual discovery.

Homer:  That's what I've been saying!  We're all fine the way we are!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F05 - Bart's Inner Child.

%
I WILL NOT SAY "SPRINGFIELD" JUST TO GET APPLAUSE.

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Abe:  Hah!  The way people act around here, you'd think the streets were 
paved with gold.

Jasper:  They are.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Bum:  Got any spare change, man?

Abe:  Yes!  And you ain't gettin' it.  Everybody wants something for 
nothing. [walks into the social security building] I'm old: gimme gimme
gimme!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Homer:  Hey!  *There's* something you don't see in a toilet every day.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Homer:  The sum of the square roots of any two sides of an isosceles 
triangle is equal to the square root of the remaining side.

Man:  That's a *right* triangle, you idiot!

Homer:  D'oh!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Montgomery Burns:  Thank you so much for visiting our plant, Dr. Kissinger.

Henry Kissinger:  It was fun.

Smithers:  We'll let you know if your glasses turn up.

Henry:  Er, yes, well, I'm sure I left them in the car. [sotto voce] No one 
must know I dropped them in the toilet; not I, the man who drafted the 
Paris Peace Accord.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Smithers:  Sir, bad news from accounting: the economy's hit us pretty hard.

Burns:  Heh, tough times, huh?  I've lived through twelve recessions, eight 
panics, and five years of McKinleynomics.  I'll survive this.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Lisa:  Dad, you shouldn't wear glasses that weren't prescribed for you.

Homer: [to Bart] Lisa, just because you're ten feet tall doesn't mean you 
can tell me what to do.

Bart:  I'm Bart.

Lisa: [snatching them] Gimme those!

Scott:  And finally, Henry Kissinger was hospitalized today after walking 
into a wall.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Scott:  And now over to Kent Brockman for some grim economic news.

Kent Brockman:  Scott, things aren't as happy as they used to be down here 
at the unemployment office.  Joblessness is no longer just for philosophy 
majors.  *Useful* people are starting to feel the pinch.

Barney Gumble:  I haven't been able to find a job in six years.

Kent:  Hmph.  And what training do you have?

Barney:  Five years of modern dance, six years of tap.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Kent Brockman:  The economic slump began last spring when the government 
closed Fort Springfield, devastating the city's liquor and prostitution 
industries. [Shot shows prostitutes holding signs] Now, at the risk of 
being unpopular, this reporter places the blame squarely on you, the 
viewers!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Mayor Quimby:  I propose that I use what's left of the town treasury to 
move to a more prosperous town and run for mayor.  And, er, once elected, I 
will send for the rest of you.

Audience:  Boo!

Lisa:  Excuse me, Mr. Mayor...

Quimby:  The chair recognizes the little chick with the gleam of hope in 
her eyes.

Lisa:  This piggy bank contains fifteen dollars I've saved from my 
allowance.  It isn't much, but I would like to help.

Quimby:  Aw, just what I need to tip the skycaps.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Abe:  I'll tell you what made this town great!  Good old-fashioned 
gumption.  There's nothing here a little elbow-grease won't fix.  So let's 
roll up our sleeves and... sn-o-o-ore

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Mayor Quimby:  People, people:  let's be a little more realistic.

Principal Skinner:  Now, I, uh, hesitate to bring this up, but a number of 
cities have rejuvenated their economies with, er, legalized gambling. 
[Everyone talks excitedly] There *is* an added bonus: some of the revenue 
can go to help our underfunded public schools. [Everyone stares stonily]

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Ned:  What do you think, reverend?

Reverend Lovejoy:  Once something has been approved by the government, it's 
no longer immoral.

Audience:  Yay!

Montgomery Burns:  By building a casino, I could tighten my stranglehold on 
this dismal town!

Audience:  Yay!

Barney burps.

Audience:  Yay!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Mayor Quimby:  Well now, are there any objections?

[Everyone grumbles, "Marge Simpson..."]

Marge:  Actually, I think it might really help our economy.

[Everyone sounds surprised]

Quimby:  Very well, then: instead of fleeing this town, I'll sit back and 
grow fat off kickbacks and slush funds.

Audience:  Yay!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Homer:  Uh, let's see:  eighteen, twenty-seven, thirty-five...Dealer busts! 
Looks like you all win again.

Texan:  Yee-haw!  Homer, I want you to have my lucky hat.  I wore it the 
day Kennedy was shot, and it always brings me good luck.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Abe:  Come on, lucky seven!  Poppa needs a new pair of spats.  I want some 
of that sweet, sweet Do Re Mi.  Fat city, here I come!

Apu:  Please throw the dice now, please, now.

Abe:  Don't rush me!  I have arthritis.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Bart:  Woo-hoo!  Jackpot.

Kid waiter:  Wait a minute: are you over 21?

Bart:  Are you?

Kid:  I'm not authorized to answer that.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Smithers:  Sir, you haven't slept since the casino opened five days ago.

Burns:  Yeah, well, I've discovered the perfect business: people swarm in, 
empty their pockets, and scuttle off.  Nothing can stop me now... 
[paranoid] except microscopic germs.  But we won't let that happen, will 
we, Smithers?

Smithers:  Uh, no sir.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Krusty the Clown:  You people are the worst audience I've ever seen.

Audince member:  Well you're the worst comedian we've ever seen.

Krusty:  So we'll all sit in silence for the next 90 minutes.

Audince member:  Suits us.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Smithers:  Er...

Marge: [annoyed] What?

Smithers:  Excuse me, ma'am:  don't you think you've gambled enough?

Marge:  No!

Smithers:  OK.  We're required by law to ask every 75 hours.  Get her 
another free drink.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Lisa:  Do you get the feeling this family is disintegrating?  I mean, we 
haven't had a meal with Mom all week.  And she hasn't even started my 
costume for the geography pageant.

Bart:  Pipe down, sister.  I gotta book a new act for tonight.  Turns out 
that Liza Minnelli impersonator was really Liza Minnelli.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Lisa:  There's nothing to eat for breakfast.

Homer:  You gotta improvise, Lisa:  cloves, Tom Collins mix, frozen pie 
crust...

Lisa:  Maybe mom just doesn't realize we missed her.  We could go down to 
the casino and let her know...

Homer:  Oh, come on, Lisa, there's no reason to... [takes a bite] let's go 
see Mom.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Homer:  Marge, we need to talk.  You're spending too much time at the 
casino and I think you may have a problem.

Marge:  I won sixty dollars last night!

Homer:  Woo-hoo!  Problem solved.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Burns:  Smithers, I've designed a new plane.  I call it the "Spruce Moose", 
and it will carry two hundred passengers from New York's Idlewild Airport 
to the Belgian Congo in seventeen minutes!

Smithers:  That's quite a nice model, sir.

Burns:  Model?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Lisa:  I just had a bad dream!

Homer:  Oh, sure.  You just lie down and tell me all about it.

Lisa:  Well, I know it's absurd, but I dreamed the boogeyman was after
me, and he's hiding under...

Homer:  Aah!  Boogeyman!  You nail the windows shut, I'll get the gun!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Marge:  What happened here?

Homer:  Oh, nothing, Marge.  Just a little incident involving the 
boogeyman!  Of course, none of this would have happened if you'd been 
around to stop me acting stupid.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Lisa:  Dad, Mom said she'd be home to help me with my costume and she's 
not, and the geography pageant is tonight!

Homer:  Lisa, your mom still loves you.  It's just that she has a career 
now.  She's a slot-jockey.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Burns:  Smithers, I don't want that unpredictable lunatic working in my 
casino.

Smithers:  Fine, we'll transfer him to the nuclear plant, sir.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Homer:  Marge, I want you to admit you have a gambling problem.

Marge:  You know, you're right, Homer.  Maybe I should get some 
professional help.

Homer:  No, no, that's too expensive.  Just don't do it any more.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Principal Skinner:  And special awards go to the two students who obviously 
had no help from their parents: Lisa Simpson and Ralph Wiggum.

Ralph:  I'm Idaho!

Skinner:  Yes, of course you are.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
Homer:  You know, Marge, for the first time in our marriage I can finally 
look down my nose at you.  *You* have a gambling problem!

Marge:  That's true.  Will you forgive me?

Homer:  Oh, sure.  Remember when I got caught stealing all those watches 
from Sears?

Marge:  Hmm.

Homer:  Well, that's nothing, because *you* have a gambling problem!

Homer:  And remember when I let that lunatic in the house because he was 
dressed like Santa Claus?

Marge:  Hmm.

Homer:  Well, that's nothing, because *you* have a gambling problem!

Marge:  Homer - when you forgive someone you can't throw it back at them.

Homer:  Aww - what a gip!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F08 - $pringfield.

%
I AM NOT AUTHORIZED TO FIRE SUBSTITUTE TEACHERS

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F09 - Homer the Vigilante.

%
Bart:  Dad... we've been robbed!

Lisa:  Wake up, Dad, wake up!  There was a burglar and he took my saxophone!

Homer:  Woo-hoo!

Bart:  And our portable TV!

Homer:  D'oh!

Marge:  And my necklace!

Homer:  Ehh, that's no big loss.

Marge:  Homer, that necklace was a priceless Bouvier family heirloom.

Homer:  Oh, you've probably got a whole drawer full of 'em.

Marge:  Well, yes I do.  But they're all heirlooms too.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F09 - Homer the Vigilante.

%
Bart:  The burglar even took my stamp collection.

Lisa:  *You* had a stamp collection?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F09 - Homer the Vigilante.

%
Lisa:  Bart's pain is funny, but mine isn't.  That saxophone was my one 
creative outlet.  It was the only way I could truly express myself.

Homer:  Ssh, quiet, Lisa.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F09 - Homer the Vigilante.

%
Flanders:  Heidely-ho, neighborinos!

Homer:  Can't talk.  Robbed.  Go hell.

Flanders:  Heh.  You folks got robbed too?  The burglar took my Shroud of 
Turin beach towels.

Bart:  Wow, it's a crime wave!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F09 - Homer the Vigilante.

%
Lisa:  We *are* insured, aren't we, Mom?}

Marge:  Homer, tell your child what you bought when I sent you to town to 
get some insurance.

Homer:  Curse you, magic beans!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F09 - Homer the Vigilante.

%
Homer:  Hello, Police?  Are you sitting down?  Good!  I wish to report a 
robbery.

Chief Wiggum: [bored] A robbery, right.  Thanks for the report. [hangs up] 
That's *another* one, Lou...723 Evergreen Terrace. [Looks at a map with the 
robbery locations marked on it] Well, there doesn't seem to be any pattern 
yet, but if I take this one and move it here...and I move these over 
here...hello!  It *almost* looks like an arrow!

Lou:  Hey, look, Chief:  it's pointing right at this police station.

Wiggum:  Let's get out of here!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F09 - Homer the Vigilante.

%
Kent Brockman:  When cat burglaries start, can mass murders be far behind?  
This reporter isn't saying that the burglar is an inhuman monster like the 
Wolfman, but he very well could be.  So, professor:  would you say it's 
time for everyone to panic?

Professor:  Yes I would, Kent.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F09 - Homer the Vigilante.

%
Abe:  Oh!  It's the Cat Burglar.  Please don't kill me!

Malloy:  Abe, can I borrow your ointment?

Abe:  Oh, it's you, Malloy.  All right ... but this time, clean off the 
applicator!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F09 - Homer the Vigilante.

%
Homer:  All right: these are our new family security rules.  Be home before 
dark, and make sure you're not followed.  Lock all doors and windows.

Marge:  And don't take candy from strangers.

Homer: [plaintive] Marge, they're only human!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F09 - Homer the Vigilante.

%
Ned Flanders:  Welcome, neighbors.  Since the police can't seem to get off 
their dufferoonies to do something about this burglarino, I think it's time 
we started our own neighborhood watch...eroony!  Now, who should lead the 
group?

Man:  You!

Crowd:  Yay!  Flanders!  Flanders!  Flanders!

Flanders:  I don't really have very much experience, but I'll...

Moe:  Someone else!

Crowd:  Yay!  Someone else!  Someone else!  Someone else!

Homer:  *I'm* someone else.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F09 - Homer the Vigilante.

%
Lenny:  He's right!

Homer:  We don't need a thinker.  We need a doer: someone who'll act 
without considering the consequences.

Everyone:  Homer!  Homer!  Homer!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F09 - Homer the Vigilante.

%
Marge:  I don't think the guns are a good idea.

Homer:  Marge!  We're responsible adults.  And...

Moe: [shoots] Whoops.

Homer:  And if a group of responsible adults can't handle firearms in a 
responsible way...

Captain McAllister: [shoots] Sorry.

Principal Skinner: [shoots] Uh oh.

Moe: [shoots] Me again.

Bart: [shoots] Sorry.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F09 - Homer the Vigilante.

%
Homer:  OK, we've got the secret vigilante handshake.  Now we need code
names.  I'll be Cue-Ball, Skinner can be Eight-Ball, Barney will
be Twelve-Ball, and Moe, you can be Cue-Ball.

Moe:  You're an idiot.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F09 - Homer the Vigilante.

%
Herman:  So... wedding, huh?

Homer:  No, we're forming a vigilante group.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F09 - Homer the Vigilante.

%
Homer:  OK, men, it's time to clean up this town!

Principal Skinner:  Meaning what, exactly?

Homer:  You know.  Push people around; make ourselves feel big.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F09 - Homer the Vigilante.

%
Jimbo:  Hey!  You're that drunken posse.  Wow... can I join ya?

Homer: [skeptical] I don't know...can you swing a sack of door knobs?

Jimbo:  *Can* I?

Homer:  You're in!  Here's the sack.

Moe:  But you gotta supply your own knobs.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F09 - Homer the Vigilante.

%
Homer:  So I said to him, "Look, buddy, your car was upside down when we 
got here.  And as for your Grandma, she shouldn't have mouthed off like 
that!"

Lisa:  Dad, don't you see you're abusing your power like all vigilantes?  I 
mean, if you're the police, who will police the police?

Homer:  I dunno.  Coast Guard?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F09 - Homer the Vigilante.

%
Marge:  Homer, wasn't the whole point to catch the Cat Burglar?

Lisa:  And I still don't have my saxophone.

Homer:  Lisa, the mob is working on getting your saxophone back.  But we've 
also expanded into other important areas.  [reading a list] Literacy 
programmes; preserving our beloved covered bridges; world domination...

Lisa:  World domination?

Homer:  Oh ho, heh, that might be a typo.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F09 - Homer the Vigilante.

%
Kent Brockman:  Mr. Simpson, how do you respond to the charges that petty 
vandalism such as graffiti is down eighty percent, while heavy 
sack-beatings are up a shocking nine hundred percent?

Homer:  Aw, people can come up with statistics to prove anything, Kent.  
Forty percent of all people know that.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F09 - Homer the Vigilante.

%
Kent:  Well, what do you say to the accusation that your group has been 
causing more crimes than it's been preventing?

Homer: [amused] Oh, Kent, I'd be lying if I said my men weren't committing 
crimes.

Kent: [pause] Well, touche'.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F09 - Homer the Vigilante.

%
Malloy:  I sincerely regret any inconvenience that I may have caused.   And 
although I have stolen your material goods, let me assure you that your 
dear town has stolen my heart.

Everyone:  Aw!

Principal Skinner:  Oh, he's so charming.

Barney Gumble:  Let's let him go!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F09 - Homer the Vigilante.

%
Chief Wiggum:  Oh, sorry folks.  [sarcastic] Gee, I really hate to spoil 
this little love-in, but Mr. Malloy broke the law.  And when you break the 
law, you gotta go to jail.

Mayor Quimby:  Uh, that reminds me, er, here's your monthly kickback.

Wiggum:  You just ... you couldn't have picked a worse time.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F09 - Homer the Vigilante.

%
Kent Brockman:  Hordes of panicky people seem to be evacuating the town for 
some unknown reason.  Professor, without knowing precisely what the danger 
is, would you say it's time for our viewers to crack each other's heads 
open and feast on the goo inside?

Professor:  Mmm, yes I would, Kent.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F09 - Homer the Vigilante.

%
[teh great and good of Springfield are digging for burined loot]

Mayor Quimby:  Keep digging.  We're bound to find something!

[Fifty feet later]

Quimby:  I guess we're not going to find anything.

Otto:  Um, how are we going to get out of here?

Homer:  We'll dig our way out!

Chief Wiggum:  No, dig *up*, stupid.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F09 - Homer the Vigilante.

%
MY HOMEWORK WAS NOT STOLEN BY A ONE-ARMED MAN.

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F11 - Bart Gets Famous.

%
Homer:  Ah, the morning horoscope.  "Today will be a day like every other 
day" ... D'oh!  It just gets worse and worse.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F11 - Bart Gets Famous.

%
Lisa:  [to Bart] Why are you so happy?

Homer:  Yeah.  You kids gotta go to school, I gotta go to work; the only 
one who has it easy is Marge.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F11 - Bart Gets Famous.

%
Bart:  We're having a field trip today!  Ah, Lis, won't it be great to cast 
of the shackles of the soul-crushing hellhole that is Springfield 
Elementary? [sarcastically] Oh, I'm sorry, I forgot: your class isn't going!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F11 - Bart Gets Famous.

%
Lisa:  Impaled on my Nobel Peace prize.  How ironic.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F11 - Bart Gets Famous.

%
Bart:  Damned TV.  It's ruined my imagination, just like it's ruined my 
ability to.. uhh... well never mind.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F11 - Bart Gets Famous.

%
Ms. Krabappel:  And now, Principal Skinner will tell us where we'll be 
going on this year's field trip.

Principal Skinner:  Thank you, Edna, everyone.  [clears throat] Now, class, 
I wonder who among you can tell me what this is?

Ms. K:  Oh, not the box factory again, Seymour!

Martin:  This may well prove fascinating!
     
     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F11 - Bart Gets Famous.

%
Box factory tour guide:  The story of how two brothers (and five other men) 
parlayed a small business loan into a thriving paper-goods concern is a 
long and interesting one.  And, here it is: it all began with the filing of 
form 637/A, the application for a small business or farm...
     
     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F11 - Bart Gets Famous.

%
Box factory tour guide:  Many interesting and important things have been 
put into boxes over the years: textiles, other boxes, even children's candy.

Milhouse:  Do any of these boxes have candy in them?

Guide:  No.

Milhouse:  Will they ever?

Guide:  No, we only make boxes to ship nails.  Any other questions?
     
     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F11 - Bart Gets Famous.

%
Bart:  Have any of the workers ever had their hands cut off by the 
machinery?

Box factory tour guide:  No...

Bart:  And then the hand started crawling around and tried to strangle 
everybody?

Guide:  No, that has never happened.

Bart:  Any popped eyeballs?

Guide:  I'm not sure what kind of factory you're thinking of; we just make 
boxes here.
     
     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F11 - Bart Gets Famous.

%
Box factory tour guide:  This room is the most popular part of our tour.

Milhouse:  It's just like the other rooms.

Guide:  Yes, but with one important difference: [looks over] Oh, they took 
that out.  Yes, it is just like the other rooms.
     
     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F11 - Bart Gets Famous.

%
Kent Brockman:  Tragic news tonight: 120 dead in a tidal wave in Kuala 
Lala... pure.  Kuala Lum... per...  *France*.
     
     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F11 - Bart Gets Famous.

%
Marge:  Hmm, I don't know, Bart.  You're only ten.

Lisa:  I've got a weekend job helping the poor and I'm only eight.

Homer: [dismissively] That's not a job, it's a waste of time.  What can 
poor people pay you?  Nothing!  What satisfaction you get from helping 
them?  None!  Who wants to help poor people anyway?  Nobody!
     
     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F11 - Bart Gets Famous.

%
Krusty:  Good job, kid!  What's your name?

Bart:  I'm Bart Simpson.  I saved you from jail.

Krusty:  Er, I...

Bart:  I reunited you with your estranged father.

Krusty:  Er, uh, I don't know...

Bart:  I saved your career, man!  Remember your comeback special?

Krusty:  Yeah, well, what have you done for me lately?

Bart:  I got you that danish.

Krusty:  And I'll never forget it.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F11 - Bart Gets Famous.

%
Bart:  Hey, that's my lucky red hat sitting on top of a double-corrugated, 
eight-fold, fourteen-gauge box!

Marge:  Oh, it sounds like you really learned something on your field trip. 
 Think you'd be interested in a career as a box maker?

Bart:  Well, that'll always be the dream...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F11 - Bart Gets Famous.

%
Bart:  Wow.  Bein' in show business is like a dream.  We're really lucky, 
aren't we?

Stagehand:  I wish I was dead.

Krusty:  Don't listen to him, kid.  This is a dream factory, the birthplace 
of magic; an enchantment!  Now I need you to go clean out my toilet.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F11 - Bart Gets Famous.

%
Homer:  It's OK, son.  Who cares what a bunch of fourth-graders think? 
You're doing what *you* want to do with your life.  Nothing else matters.

Bart: [grateful] Thanks, Dad.  That's great advice.

Homer:  Yep, well, that's what got me where I am today.

Bart:  O-o-oh...
     
     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F11 - Bart Gets Famous.

%
Mel:  Pah!  There's cheese in this sandwich.  Surely you know I'm 
lactose-intolerant?

Bart:  Sorry.

Mel:  Sorry?  Do you know how sick this is going to make me?  U-u-u-ugh.  
Oh, boy.  Come and stand next to the bathroom door; I want to yell at you 
some more.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F11 - Bart Gets Famous.

%
Krusty:  Bart!  I need to use you in a sketch.

Bart:  You want me to be on the show?

Krusty:  It's just one line.  Mel's supposed to say it, but he's dead.

Bart:  Dead!?

Krusty:  Or sick; I dunno.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F11 - Bart Gets Famous.

%
Bart:  Uh... I never thought I'd say this, but shouldn't we be learning 
something?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F11 - Bart Gets Famous.

%
Marge:  Honey, I know you feel a little silly saying the same four words 
over and over, but you shouldn't.  You're making people happy, and that's a 
very hard thing to do.

Bart:  You're right, Mom.  I shouldn't let this bother me.  I'm in 
television now.  It's my job to be repetitive.  My job.  My job.  
Repetitiveness is my job.  I am going to go out there tonight and give the 
*best* performance of my life.

Marge:  The *best* performance of your life?

Bart:  The *best* performance of my life!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F11 - Bart Gets Famous.

%
Bart:  What happened?

Krusty:  Aw, don't worry about that.  You're just finished, that's all.

Bart:  Finished?

Krusty:  Ehh, it happens all the time.  That's show business for you: one 
day you're the most important guy that ever lived, the next day you're some 
shmoe working in a box factory.

Guide:  I heard that.

Bart:  Boy.  Show business is kind of cruel, isn't it?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F11 - Bart Gets Famous.

%
Lisa:  If anyone wants me, I'll be in my room.

Homer:  What kind of a catch-phrase is that?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F11 - Bart Gets Famous.

%
I WILL NOT GO NEAR THE KINDERGARTEN TURTLE

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Customer 1:  I need one 29-cent stamp.

Apu:  That's $1.85.

Customer 2:  I'll have $2.00 worth of gas, please.

Apu:  $4.20.

Martin:  How much is your penny candy?

Apu: [cheerful] Surprisingly expensive!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Apu:  Silly customer!  You cannot hurt a Twinkie.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Hibbert:  Well, sir, Homer's illness was either caused by ingesting spoiled 
food, or, heh heh, some sort of voodoo curse.

Patty:  Hey: we've just been working the eyes.  [holds up a Homer doll]

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Kent Brockman:  All right, are you willing to go undercover to nail this 
creep?

Homer:  No way, man.  No way, man!  Get yourself another patsy, man.  No 
way am I wearing a freakin' wire!

Brockman:  All right, all right, all right.  Would you be willing to wear a 
hidden camera and microphone?

Homer: Oh, that I'll wear.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Kent Brockman:  Apu, will you ever stop selling spoiled meat?

Apu:  No... I mean, yes... I mean... uh oh.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Inspector:  Apu Nahasapeemapetilan, you have disgraced the Kwik-E-Mart 
Corporation.

Apu:  But, sir, I was only following standard procedure.

Inspector:  Ah, true.  But it's *also* standard procedure to blame any 
problems on a scapegoat or sacrificial lamb.

Apu:  Uh huh, and if I can obtain for you these animals?

Inspector:  I'm sorry, Apu - I have no choice.  You can no longer wear this 
name patch.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Homer:  No, don't kill me.  I didn't know there was film in that camera in 
that hat!  I was unaware.  I was unaware!

Apu:  Mr. Simpson, you misunderstand me.  In my village this is the 
traditional pose of apology.

Homer:  Oh.

Apu:  You know, now that I think about it, it may be a little confusing.  
Many have died needlessly.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Apu:  I have come to make amends, sir.  At first, I blamed you for 
squealing, but then I realized, it was *I* who wronged *you*.  So I have 
come to work off my debt.  I am at your service.

Homer:  You're... selling *what*, now?

Apu:  I am selling only the concept of karmic realignment.

Homer: [slamming the door] You can't sell that!  Karma can only be 
portioned out by the cosmos.

Apu: He's got me there.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Apu: It is an honor to begin repaying my debt to you.  Back in Ramatpur I 
was considered quite the gourmet.
       
Marge:  Mmm, it certainly is exotic.  Ooh, Lisa... is that too spicy for 
you?

Lisa:  [breathless] I can see through time!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Homer:  Stop being such babies.  You can't be afraid to try new things.  
For instance, tonight I'm using a... Apu, what do you call this thing again?

Apu:  A "napkin".

Homer:  Ha ha ha ha!  Outrageous!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Inspector:  All right, why do you want to become part of the Kwik-E-Mart 
family?
	   
Barney: Because I like people.  And I need a place where I'll be out of the 
sun.

Woman: Thank you.

Barney: *be-e-elch*

Inspector: Hmm...he's head and shoulders above everyone else.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Inspector:  Name?

James Woods:  James Woods, heh.

Woman:  Previous job experience?

Woods:  Ooh, uh, let's see, "True Believer", uh, "Salvador", "Onion Field", 
uh -- "The Hard Way"?

Inspector:  Wait, wait a minute.  Those aren't convenience stores!  That 
sounds more like the resume of a Hollywood movie star.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Woman:  Why would you want to work at a Kwik-E-Mart?

Woods:  To be honest, in my upcoming movie I'm going to be playing this 
tightly-wound convenience store clerk and, I kind of like to research my 
roles and really get into it.  For instance, "True Believer"?  I actually 
worked in a law firm for two months.  And then, the film "Chaplin"?  I had 
a little cameo in that.  I actually *travelled* in time, back to the 
twenties, where... oh, heh, I've said too much.

Inspector:  Welcome aboard.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Marge:  Hmm.  Apu, we usually store our cans in the cupboard.

Apu:  Oh, they'll never move that way.

Lisa:  Mmm, corn!  Haven't had that in a while.

Bart:  Yeah, delicious corn.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Apu:  Let's go to...that line.

Marge:  But that's the longest.

Apu:  Yes, but look: all pathetic single men.  Only cash, no chitchat.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
James Woods:  Uh...could I just ask you a question?  Did you... did you 
*believe* that; the way I gave you the change?  Did I sound like a *real* 
Kwik-E-Mart, you know, kind of guy?

Jimbo:  Actually, I thought it was a little laboured.

Woods:  Oh.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Woods:  Come on.  Hey, come on -- hey!  Get over here.  OK, now you're you, 
I'm me.

Jimbo: [tentatively] I'm me?

Woods: [lunging for Jimbo's collar] Hey - don't... *jerk* me around, fella.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Homer:  Uh, Apu friend me good.

Lisa:  I think what Dad's trying to say is that you're like one of the 
family.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Apu: [singing]
      You see, whether igloo hut, or lean-to, 
        or a geodesic dome,
      There's no structure I have been to, 
        which I'd rather call my home.

      When I first arrived, 
        you were all such jerks,
      But now I've come to looooooove your quirks.

      Maggie with her eyes so bright,
      Marge with hair by Frank Lloyd Wright,
      Lisa can philosophize, Bart's adept at spinning lies,
      Homer's a delightful fella, sorry about the salmonella.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Homer:  Everything *really* wrapped up nicely. [checking his watch] Ooh, 
much quicker than usual.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Homer:  Hey, what's that sound?

Apu: [singing folornly] Who needs the Kwik-E-Mart?  I do-o-o-o.

Homer:  Hey, he's not happy at all.  He lied to us through song.  I *hate* 
when people do that!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Homer:  I'm coming with you.  I got you fired; it's the least I can do.  
Well, the least I can do is absolutely nothing, but I'll go you one better 
and come along!

Apu:  But, sir, the head office is in India.

Homer:  OK.

Lisa:  Dad, that's over ten thousand miles away.

Homer:  I'm aware of that!

Lisa:  That's over sixteen thousand kilometers!

Homer:  D'oh!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Apu: [pointing out a store atop a mountain] There she is: the world's first 
convenience store!  

Homer:  This isn't very convenient.

Apu: Must you dump on everything we do?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Master:  Approach, my sons.  [they do] You may ask me three questions.

Apu:  That's great, because all I need is one...

Homer: Are you *really* the head of the Kwik-E-Mart?

Master:  Yes.

Homer:  Really?

Master:  Yes.

Homer:  You?

Master:  Yes.  I hope this has been enlightening for you.

Apu:  But I must...

Master:  Thank you, come again.

Apu:  But...

Master:  Thank you, come again.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Apu: [shot by a robber] Oh, the searing kiss of hot lead.  How I've missed 
you!  I mean... I think I'm dying.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Woods:  Apu, you saved my life.  And as a small token of my appreciation, I 
got you your job back at the Kwik-E-Mart.

Apu:  Oh... oh, Mr. Woods, your...

Woods:  But as for me, I'm off to battle aliens on a faraway planet.

Marge:  That sounds like a good movie.

Woods:  Yes. Yes a... a movie, yes.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F10 - Homer and Apu.

%
Abe:  Looking at that tired old freak has made me realize I'm no spring 
chicken myself.  I can feel death's clammy hand on my shoulder...  Wait, 
that's my hand.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F12 - Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy.

%
Homer:  Dad, we'd love to stay here and listen to your amusing antidote, 
but we have to take these coins to the mall and spend 'em!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F12 - Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy.

%
Lisa: [spotting the Malibu Stacy display] I warning you, Mom: I may get a 
little crazy.

Marge:  Oh, I understand, honey.  When I was your age, there was a...

Lisa: [rushing at the girls] Hey, horse-face!  Get your ugly hooks off that 
Summer Fun Set!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F12 - Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy.

%
Marge:  I'm not sure how good an idea it is to be doing that while you 
drive.

Homer:  Marge!  That's what I bought it for.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F12 - Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy.

%
Lisa:  Thanks for buying us these toys, Grampa.

Abe:  Ehh, why didn't you get something useful, like storm windows, or a 
nice pipe organ?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F12 - Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy.

%
Abe:  Why are you people avoiding me?  Does my withered face remind you of 
the grim specter of Death?

Homer:  ... Yes, but there's more. ... Dad, I love you, but... you're a 
weird, sore-headed old crank and nobody likes you!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F12 - Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy.

%
Lisa:  ... A hush falls over the general assembly as Stacy approaches the 
podium to deliver what will no doubt be a stirring and memorable address.  
[pulls Stacy's cord]

Malibu Stacy doll:  I wish they taught shopping in school!

Lisa: *gro-o-oan* [pulls Stacy's cord again]

Stacy:  Let's bake some cookies for the boys!

Lisa:   Come on, Stacy.  I've waited my whole life to hear you speak.  
Don't you have anything relevant to say? [pulls the cord again]

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F12 - Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy.

%
Malibu Stacy doll:  Don't ask me, I'm just a girl.  [*giggle*]

Bart:  Right on!  Say it, sister.
 
Lisa:  It's not funny, Bart.  Millions of girls will grow up thinking that 
this is the right way to act -- that they can never be more than vacuous 
ninnies whose only goal is to look pretty, land a rich husband, and spend 
all day on the phone with their equally vacuous friends talking about how 
damn terrific it is to look pretty and have a rich husband!

Bart:  ... Just what I was going to say.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F12 - Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy.

%
Malibu Stacy doll:  Let's buy makeup so the boys will like us.
  
Lisa: [sighs] Don't you people see anything wrong what Malibu Stacy says?

Celeste:  There's something wrong with what *my* Stacy says.

Celeste's Malibu Stacy: [in a male voice] My Spidey sense is tingling... 
anybody call for a web-slinger?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F12 - Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy.

%
Lisa:  They *cannot* keep making dolls like this...  Something has to be 
done!

Marge:  Lisa, ordinarily I'd say you should stand up for what you believe 
in.  But you've been doing that an awful lot lately!

Bart:  Yeah.  You made us march in that Gay Rights parade!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F12 - Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy.

%
Lisa:  I can't believe you're just going to stand by as your daughters grow 
up in a world where this, *this*, is their role model.

Marge:  I had a Malibu Stacy when I was little and I turned out all right.  
Now let's forget our troubles with a big bowl of strawberry ice cream!

Malibu Stacy doll:  Now low let's forget our troubles with a big bowl of 
strawberry ice cream!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F12 - Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy.

%
Lisa:  Mom!  We could go on the factory tour and I could complain in person!

Marge:  Honey, you're not going to throw red paint at the executives, are 
you?  The Keebler people were very upset.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F12 - Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy.

%
Factory promo narrator:  Malibu Stacy: America's favorite eight-and-a-half 
incher.  In 1959, homemaker Stacy Lavelle had a design and a dream.  The 
design?  Malibu Stacy.  The dream?  To mass market a fashion doll that was 
also edible.  Kids didn't much like the taste of dried onion meal, but they 
*loved* the doll.  A second, plastic, Malibu Stacy took America by storm.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F12 - Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy.

%
Factory promo narrator:  And what does Stacy think of her thirty-five years 
of success and millions of friends worldwide?

Malibu Stacy:  Don't ask me, I'm just a girl.  *giggle*

Narrator:  *chuckle*  She su-ure is.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F12 - Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy.

%
Lisa:  It's awful being a kid.  No one listens to you.

Abe:  It's rotten being old.  No one listens to you.

Homer:  I'm a white male, age 18 to 49.  Everyone listens to me... no 
matter how dumb my suggestions are.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F12 - Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy.

%
Lisa:  Excuse me, Miss Lavelle?  I'd like to talk to you about Malibu Stacy.

Stacy Lavelle:  Do you have any idea how many kids have tried to track me 
down?

Lisa:  Am I the first?
 
Lavelle: ... Yes.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F12 - Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy.

%
Lisa:  It's your company.

Stacy Lavelle:  Not since I was forced out in 1974.  They said my way of 
thinking just wasn't cost effective.

Lisa: [gasps] That's awful.

Lavelle:  Well, that, and...I was funneling profits to the Viet Cong.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F12 - Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy.

%
Krusty Burger manager:  We need some more Secret Sauce.  Put this 
mayonnaise in the sun.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F12 - Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy.

%
Kent Brockman's Daughter:  My new doll is much better than Malibu Stacy.  
Do a newscast about her.

Kent Brockman:  Ho ho, please, honey, Daddy's job is to bring people 
important news.  Right now I'm busy preparing a report about the fortieth 
anniversary of Beetle Bailey.

Brockman's Daughter:  Oh, Daddy, that is boring.  Talk about the dolly!

Kent:  ... Well, you were right about the Berlin Wall...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F12 - Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy.

%
Lisa:  This is great.  They're really going to sell our doll!

Stacy Lavelle:  Well, it wasn't difficult.  I just told them who I was, and 
who you were, and they couldn't resist.

Lisa:  Really?

Stacy:  Well, I didn't tell them who *you* were.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F12 - Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy.

%
Lisa: [sigh] Well, I guess you can't beat big business.  There's just no 
room for the little guy.

Lionheart Lisa doll:  Trust in yourself, and you can achieve anything!

Lisa: You know, if we get through to just that one little girl, it'll all 
be worth it!

Stacy:  Yes.  Particularly if that little girl happens to pay $46,000 for 
that doll.

Lisa:  What?

Stacy Lavelle:  Oh, nothing.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F12 - Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy.

%
Carl:  I hate these "Worker of the Week Award" ceremonies.

Lenny:  Who even cares any more?  Everyone at work sure has already got one.

Carl:  Except fo-o-orr...

Homer:  Hello!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F13 - Deep Space Homer.

%
Homer:  Well, today's the day for Homer J.!  I *know* I'm going to win this 
time.

Lenny:  Yeah?  How come?

Homer:  Union rule 26.  "Every employee must win 'Worker of the Week' at 
least once, regardless of gross incompetence, obesity, or rank odour."

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F13 - Deep Space Homer.

%
Smithers:  Attention, everyone.  Let's have an awed hush please for Mr. 
Burns.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F13 - Deep Space Homer.

%
Montgomery Burns:  Compadres, it is imperative that we crush the freedom 
fighters before the start of the rainy season.  And remember, a shiny new 
donkey for whoever brings me the head of Colonel Montoya.  [Smithers 
whispers to him] Hmm?  What?  Oh, and by that I mean, of course, it's time 
for the "Worker of the Week Award".  I can't believe we've overlooked this 
week's winner for so very, very long.  We simply could not function without 
his tireless efforts.  So, a round of applause for... this inanimate carbon 
rod!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F13 - Deep Space Homer.

%
Homer:  Ah, TV respects me.  It laughs *with* me, not at me!

[Turns it on; a man points at him]

Man:  You stupid... [laughs uncontrollably]

Homer:  D'oh!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F13 - Deep Space Homer.

%
NASA Launch Assistant:  Sir, we've run into a serious problem with the 
mission.  These Nielsen ratings are the lowest ever.

Launch Manager:  Oh my God...we've been beaten by "A Connie Chung 
Christmas!"

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F13 - Deep Space Homer.

%
NASA Launch Manager:  People, we're in danger of losing our funding.  
America isn't interested in space exploration any more.

Launch Assistant:  Maybe we should finally tell them the big secret: that 
all the chimps we sent into space came back super-intelligent.

Chimp:  No, I don't think we'll be telling them *that*.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F13 - Deep Space Homer.

%
NASA Launch Manager:  We need a fresh angle to keep the public interested.

Launch Assistant:  The public see our astronauts as clean-cut, athletic 
go-getters.  They hate people like that.
     
     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F13 - Deep Space Homer.

%
NASA Researcher:  Why, they're all a bunch of blue-collar slobs!

Launch Manager:  People, that's who we need for our next astronaut.

Launch Assistant:  I suggest a lengthy, inefficient search.  At the 
taxpayers' expense, of course.

Launch Manager:  I wish there was an easier way.

             [Phone rings]

Homer:  Hello, is this NASA?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F13 - Deep Space Homer.

%
Scientist:  Now of course only one of you will be chosen to go into space.  
So the next few weeks will be a grueling series of tests to determine which 
one of you is most qualified.

Assistant:  Oh, and Mr. Gumble: for the duration of the training there will 
be no more beer.

Barney:  What?  Three whole weeks with only wine?  I'll go crazy!

Homer:  And may the best man win.  [whispers to assistant] He's got a big 
drinking problem; could embarrass the program.  Meet me up in that tree 
later and I'll tell you more.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F13 - Deep Space Homer.

%
Bart:  Wow, my father an astronaut.  I feel so full of...what's the 
opposite of shame?

Marge:  Pride?

Bart:  No, not *that* far from shame.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F13 - Deep Space Homer.

%
Marge:  You know, Homer, when I found out about this, I went through a wide 
range of emotions.  First I was nervous, then anxious, then wary, then 
apprehensive, then... kind of sleepy, then worried, and then concerned, but 
now I realize that being a spaceman is something you have to do.

Homer:  Who's doing what now?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F13 - Deep Space Homer.

%
Homer:  Well, here I am, right on time.  I don't see Barney "Let's crash 
the rocket into the White House and kill the President" Gumble...

NASA Launch Assistant:  Actually, he's been here since sunrise.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F13 - Deep Space Homer.

%
Homer:  I, er, don't think this contest is over yet, "Buzz"...if that *is* 
your real name.  I believe there is still a little something called "The 
Swimsuit Competition".

NASA Launch Manager:  There's no swimsuit competition, Homer.

Homer:  You mean I shaved my bikini zone for nothing?!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F13 - Deep Space Homer.

%
NASA Launch Manager:  Gentlemen, you've both worked very hard.  And in a 
way, you're both winners.  But in another more accurate way, Barney is the 
winner.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F13 - Deep Space Homer.

%
NASA Launch Manager: [resigned] Well, Homer, I guess you're the winner by 
default.

Homer:  Default?  Woo hoo!  The two sweetest words in the English language: 
de-fault!  De-fault!  De-fault!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F13 - Deep Space Homer.

%
Buzz:  Mission Control, this is Corvair.  Launch sequence initiated.  All 
systems go.

Homer:  Are we there yet?  I'm thirsty.

Race:  Mission Control, request permission to sedate cargo ahead of 
schedule.

Controller:  Permission denied.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F13 - Deep Space Homer.

%
Bart:  Go, Dad, go!

Lisa:  "How doth the hero strong and brave,
          A celestial path in the heavens pave."

Everyone:  Huh?

Lisa: [quiet] Go, Dad, go.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F13 - Deep Space Homer.

%
NASA Launch Assistant:  Sir, the TV ratings for the launch are the highest 
in ten years.

Everyone:  Yay!

Launch Manager:  And how's the spacecraft doing?

Launch Assistant:  I dunno.  All this equipment is just used to measure TV 
ratings.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F13 - Deep Space Homer.

%
James Taylor:  How ya doin', fellas?

Buzz Aldrin:  With all due respect, Mr. Taylor, this isn't the best time 
for your unique brand of bittersweet folk rock.  We have a potentially 
critical situation here.  I'm sure you'll understand.

Taylor:  Listen, Aldrin, I'm not as laid back as people think.  Now here's 
the deal: I'm going to play, and you're going to float there and like it.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F13 - Deep Space Homer.

%
Kent Brockman:  Ladies and gentlemen, er, we've just lost the picture, but, 
uh, what we've seen speaks for itself.  The Corvair spacecraft has been 
taken over ... "conquered", if you will ... by a master race of giant space 
ants.  It's difficult to tell from this vantage point whether they will 
consume the captive earth men or merely enslave them.  One thing is for 
certain, there is no stopping them; the ants will soon be here.  And I, for 
one, welcome our new insect overlords.  I'd like to remind them that as a 
trusted TV personality, I can be helpful in rounding up others to toil in 
their underground sugar caves.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F13 - Deep Space Homer.

%
I AM NOT DELIGHTFULLY SAUCY

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F14 - Homer Loves Flanders.

%
Kent Brockman:  Tonight, on "Eye on Springfield": just miles from your 
doorstep, hundreds of men are given weapons and trained to kill.  The 
government calls it the "army", but a more alarmist name would be ... "The 
Killbot Factory."

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F14 - Homer Loves Flanders.

%
Homer:  Heh heh heh, I did it!  Second in line, and all I had to do was 
miss eight days of work.

Man:  With the money you would have made working, you could have bought 
tickets from a scalper.

Homer:  In theory, yes.  [sotto voce] Jerk.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F14 - Homer Loves Flanders.

%
Homer:  Why am I such a loser?  Why?

Bart:  Well, your father was a loser, and *his* father, and his 
father...it's genetic, man.  [realizes] D'oh!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F14 - Homer Loves Flanders.

%
Lisa:  What's so special about this game anyway?  It's just another chapter 
in the pointless rivalry between Springfield and Shelbyville.  They built a 
mini-mall, so we built a bigger mini-mall.  They made the world's largest 
pizza, so we burnt down their city hall.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F14 - Homer Loves Flanders.

%
Homer:  I want everyone to know that ... [yells] this is Ned Flanders, my 
friend!

Lenny:  What'd he say?

Carl:  I dunno.  Something about being gay.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F14 - Homer Loves Flanders.

%
Lisa:  Don't worry, Bart.  It seems like every week something odd happens 
to the Simpsons.  My advice is to ride it out, make the occasional 
smart-alec quip, and by next week we'll be back to where we started from, 
ready for another wacky adventure.

Bart:  Ay, caramba!

Lisa:  That's the spirit.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F14 - Homer Loves Flanders.

%
ORGAN TRANSPLANTS ARE BEST LEFT TO THE PROFESSIONALS

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F15 - Bart Gets an Elephant.

%
Bart:  Uh, it's hard for us to leave when you're standing there, Mom.

Homer: [cheery] Push her down, son.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F15 - Bart Gets an Elephant.

%
Homer:  Maybe if we tied it down so it couldn't move it wouldn't get so 
hungry.

Lisa:  You can't do that, Dad, it's cruel!

Homer:  Oh, everything's cruel according to you.  Keeping him chained up in 
the back yard is cruel.  Pulling on his tail is cruel.  Yelling in his ears 
is cruel.  Everything is cruel.  Well, excuse me if I'm cruel!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F15 - Bart Gets an Elephant.

%
Homer:  Now I've had my head in an elephant, a hippo, and a giant sloth.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F15 - Bart Gets an Elephant.

%
Mrs. Lovejoy:  That animal of yours is certainly bad-tempered.
        
Lisa:  Yeah, well you'd be grumpy too if you were taken out of your natural 
habitat and gawked at by a bunch of slack-jawed yokels.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F15 - Bart Gets an Elephant.

%

Homer:  Look at this, Marge: $58 and all of it profit!  I'm the smartest 
businessman in the world.

Marge:  Stampy's food bill today was $300.

Homer:  Marge, please, don't humiliate me in front of the money.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F15 - Bart Gets an Elephant.

%
Warden:  Our wildlife refuge is the ideal environment for your elephant:
        thousands of acres of simulated African savannah.

Lisa:  It's perfect, Dad.

Homer:  I only have two questions: "How much", and "Give it to me".

Warden:  Well, we really can't offer you any money, we're a non-profit 
organization.

Homer:  So your bid is zero.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F15 - Bart Gets an Elephant.

%
Homer:  Here's the keys.

Blackheart:  Elephants don't have keys.

Homer:  Well, I'll just keep these then.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F15 - Bart Gets an Elephant.

%
Ned: [gasps] It's the four elephants of the apocalypse!

Maude:  That's horsemen, Ned.

Ned:  Well, getting closer.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F15 - Bart Gets an Elephant.

%
Homer:  D'oh!

Lisa:  A deer!

Marge:  A *female* deer...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F15 - Bart Gets an Elephant.

%
Lisa:  Dad, how would *you* like to be sold to an ivory dealer?

Homer:  I'd like it fine.

Bart:  Even if he killed you and made your teeth into piano keys?
 
Homer:  Yes, of course I would!  Who wouldn't like that ... to be part of 
the music scene?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F15 - Bart Gets an Elephant.

%
Homer:  I'm alive.  I'm alive!  And I owe it all to this feisty feline.

Lisa:  Dad, "feline" means "cat".

Homer:  Elephant, honey.  It's an elephant!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 1F15 - Bart Gets an Elephant.

%
Birchibald T. Barlow:  You know, there are three things we're never going 
to get rid of here in Springfield: one, the bats in the public library - 
two, Mrs. McFierly's compost heap - and three, our six-term mayor, the 
illiterate, tax-cheating, wife-swapping, pot-smoking, spendocrat Diamond 
Joe Quimby.

Quimby:  Hey: I am no longer illiterate.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Marge:   Mmm... this sounds awfully controversial.  Lisa, you *know* I 
don't like controversy in this house.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Birchibald T. Barlow:  All right, my friends, let's go to the phones.  
First up is Bob from South Springfield.  Welcome to you, sir.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Lisa:  Bart, your mortal enemy is on the radio!

Marty: [on the radio] It's time for more deeee-mentia with Dr. Demento.

Bart:  Aah!

Marty:  And now, "The Funny Five"!

Lisa:  I meant your *other* mortal enemy.  Sideshow Bob.

Bart:  Sideshow Bob?  Oh.  I'm only ten and I already got two mortal 
enemies.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Sideshow Bob: [on the radio] But it would be terribly myopic of me to blame 
all my current woes on one spiky-haired little simpleton.

Birchibald T. Barlow:  Mm-hm, myopic.  Or to say the least, intransigent.  
Now you mentioned some woes there.

Bob:  Well... you see, Birch, I'm presently incarcerated.  Convicted of a 
crime I didn't even commit.  Hah!  Attempted murder?  Now honestly, what is 
that?  Do they give a Nobel prize for attempted chemistry?  Do they?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Birchibald T. Barlow:  My friends, isn't this just typical?  Another 
intelligent conservative here, railroaded by our liberal justice system, 
just like Colonel Oliver North, officer Stacey Koons, and cartoon 
Smokespeson Joe Camel.  Well, I've had it!  I am going to make it my 
mission to see that our friend Bob is set free.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Birchibald T. Barlow:  My friends, Bob is a political prisoner.  I want 
every loyal listener to do everything they can to get him out of jail.

Moe:  All right, you heard the man.  One grenade each.

Barney:  Moe, I think he meant through nonviolent, grassroots political 
action.

Moe:  Aw, geez, really, you think so? ... All right, give 'em back.  C'mon, 
everybody, give 'em back.  Hey.  Hey!  Who pulled the pin on this one?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Principal Skinner:  Now, students, I want you to be on your best behavior 
for this carefully-choreographed media event.  Now this means there is to 
be no wising-off, no face-making, and no grass-eating.  This means you, 
Ralph.

Ralph:  Yes, sir.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Sideshow Bob:  That was a *big* mistake, Bart.  No children have ever 
meddled with the Republican Party and lived to tell about it.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Larry King:  The League of Uninformed Voters presents the Springfield 
Mayoral Debates.  I'm your moderator, Larry King.  Now, a word to our 
audience: even though we're being broadcast on...Fox, there's no need for 
obnoxious hooting and hollering.

[audience screams and shouts]

King:  Oh...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Birchibald T. Barlow:  Sideshow Bob, councilman Les Whinen says that you're 
not experienced enough to be mayor.  Sir, what do you have to say about 
that?

Sideshow Bob:  I'd say that Les Whinen ought to do more thinking and less 
whining!

Lisa:  There's no councilman "Les Whinen".

Bart: *chuckles* Good line, though.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Birchibald T. Barlow:  Mayor Quimby, you're well-known, sir, for your 
lenient stance on crime.  But suppose for a second that *your* house was 
ransacked by thugs, *your* family tied up in the basement with socks in 
their mouths, you try to open the door but there's too much *blood* on the 
knob...

Mayor Quimby:  What is your question?

Barlow:  My question is about the budget, sir.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Kent Brockman:  And the results are in.  For Sideshow Bob, 100%, for Joe 
Quimby, 1%.  And we remind you there is a 1% margin of error.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Homer:  Aah!  It's the Rapture!  Quick, get Bart out of the house before 
God comes!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Bob:  So sorry, Mr. Simpson.  Your house is blocking construction of our 
new Matlock Expressway.  Now, I am a fair man.  You will have 72 hours to 
vacate.  At that time we will blow up your house and any remaining Simpsons.

Marge:  Homer, we've got to stop them!

Homer:  I know what you're up to, Mayor Terwigiger.  And no one in my 
family's going to stand for it.

Abe:  Move your goldurn house, son!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Principal Skinner:  Bart, by special request of the Mayor's office, you are 
going to be left back.

Bart:  Oh.  You mean I have to repeat the fourth grade?

Skinner:  Well, yes, but not for four or five years.  Bart, you're going to 
kindergarten.

Bart:  Kindergarten?!

Mrs. Krabappel: [pops champagne cork] Hah!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Teacher: [slowly] Now, boys and girls, who knows what this is?

Bart: [cocky] Triangle.

Teacher: Very good, Bart!  You have first choice of toys for free play.

Bart: Cool!  I call the Flintstone Phone.

Fred: Yabba dabba do, I like talkin' to you!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Homer:  We're going to lose our house and end up living under a bridge like 
common trolls.

Lisa:  I don't think Bob won that election legally.  I can't believe a 
convicted felon would get so many votes and another convicted felon would 
get so few.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Man:  Here you go: the results of last month's mayor election.  All 48000 
voters and who each one of them voted for.

Lisa:  I thought this was a secret ballot.

Man:  Meh.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Bart:  So whoever it is who wrote that note wants to meet us here tonight?

Lisa:  This is so cool, Bart.  We're just like Woodward and Bernstein.

Bart:  Yeah, except their dad wasn't waiting in the car reading Archie 
comics.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Waylon Smithers:  I've never gone behind Mr. Burns' back before but 
Sideshow Bob's ultra-conservative views, er, conflict with my... choice of 
lifestyle.  All I can do is give you one name: Edgar Neubauer.  Find him, 
and you'll find your answer.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Lionel Hutz: Mr. Mayor, is it true you rigged the election?

Sideshow Bob: No, I did not.

Hutz:  Kids - help.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Lisa:  You know, Sideshow Bob, I believe you when you say you're innocent.

Sideshow Bob:  Indeed I am.

Lisa:  Because we all know you're a naive pawn, puppet, if you will, of the 
most diabolical political genius Springfield has ever known: Birchibald T. 
Barlow!  You don't have the intelligence to rig an election by yourself, do 
you?

Bart:  You were just Barlow's lackey.

Lisa:  You were Ronny to his Nancy!

Bart:  Sonny to his Cher!

Lisa:  Ringo to his rest of the Beatles!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Sideshow Bob:  Enough!  Lies, lies, lies!  I did it!  I did it all! ... 
There.

Bart:  We want the truth!

Bob:  You want the truth?  You can't handle the truth.  No truth-handler, 
you.  Bah!  I deride your truth-handling abilities.

Judge:  Will you get to the point?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Sideshow Bob:  Only *I* could have executed such a masterpiece of electoral 
fraud.  And I have the records to prove it!  Here, just look at these -- 
[pulls out binders and floppy disks] each one a work of Machiavellian art.

Judge:  But why?

Bob:  Because you *need* me, Springfield.  Your guilty conscience may force 
you to vote Democratic, but deep down inside you secretly long for a 
cold-hearted Republican to lower taxes, brutalize criminals, and rule you 
like a king.  That's why I did this: to protect you from yourselves.  Now 
if you'll excuse me, I have a city to run.

Judge: Bailiffs, place the mayor under arrest.

Bob:  What?  Oh yes, all that stuff I did.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Lisa:  Bart, we did it!  Now we get to keep our house and you get to go 
back to the fourth grade.

Bart:  Oh, tomorrow we were going to find out who the dish ran away with.

Lisa:  The spoon, Bart.
Bart: [gasps, smiles] Of course!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F02 - Sideshow Bob Roberts.

%
Bart:  There's nothing wrong with your television set.  Do not attempt to 
adjust your picture.  *We* are controlling the transmission.

Homer:  What's that, boy?  We're in control?  Hey, look!  I can see my 
voice!  [laughing] Brrr...hee!  Heeee! [changing pitches] Blub blub blub 
blub blub!  Thiiis...iiis my vooice...on teeeveeeee...

Bart:  Dad!  You're ruining the mood.

Homer:  Sorry.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F03 - Treehouse of Horror V.

%
Burns:  Oh, goody: the Sea Monkeys I ordered have arrived.  Heh heh heh, 
look at them cavort and caper.

Smithers:  Sir, they're the new winter caretakers for the lodge.

Burns:  Yes...they work hard and they play hard.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F03 - Treehouse of Horror V (The Shinning).

%
Burns:  This house has quite a long and colourful history.  It was build on 
an ancient Indian burial ground and was the setting of satanic rituals, 
witch-burnings, and five John Denver Christmas specials.

Homer: [cringing] Wuurh, John Denver.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F03 - Treehouse of Horror V (The Shinning).

%
[standing before a lift, which opens releasing a deluge of blood]

Burns:  Hmm, that's odd.  Usually the blood gets off at the second floor.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F03 - Treehouse of Horror V (The Shinning).

%
Willy: [gasping] Boy...you read my thoughts!  You've got the Shinning.

Bart:  You mean "Shining".

Willy: [sotto voce] Shh!  You want to get sued?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F03 - Treehouse of Horror V (The Shinning).

%
Montgomery Burns:  Yes, by cutting off cable TV and the beer supply, I can 
ensure an honest winter's work out of those low-lives.

Smithers:  Sir, did you ever stop to think that [closes car trunk] maybe it 
was doing *this* that caused the previous caretakers to go insane and 
murder their families?

Burns:  Hmm...perhaps.  Tell you what: we come back and everyone's 
slaughtered, I owe you a Coke.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F03 - Treehouse of Horror V (The Shinning).

%
Homer: [clicking the TV remote] Hmm.  Cable's out. [cut to kitchen] Think 
I'll have a beer.  [opens fridge] Hmm.  Not a drop in the house.  What do 
you know.

Marge:  Homer, I'm impressed!  You're taking this quite well.

Homer: [crazy] I'll kill you...I'll kill all of you!

Marge:  Homer!

Homer:  Sorry, sorry.  Don't worry...there's plenty I can do to keep myself 
occupied.  Maybe I'll check out that axe collection.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F03 - Treehouse of Horror V (The Shinning).

%
Lisa:  Mom, is Dad going to kill us?

Marge:  We're just going to have to wait and see.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F03 - Treehouse of Horror V (The Shinning).

%
Homer:  So what do you think, Marge?  All I need is a title.  I was 
thinking along the lines of "No TV and No Beer Make Homer" something 
something.

Marge: [quietly] "Go Crazy"?

Homer:  Don't mind if I do!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F03 - Treehouse of Horror V (The Shinning).

%
Moe: [through cold-store door] Homer?  It's Moe.  Uh, look: some of the 
ghouls and I are a little concerned the project isn't moving forward.

Homer:  Can't murder now: eating.

Moe:  Oh, for crying out loud...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F03 - Treehouse of Horror V (The Shinning).

%
Marge: [making a radio call] Hello, police?  This is Marge Simpson.  My 
husband is on a murderous rampage.  Over.

Chief Wiggum: [sighing] Well thank God that's over.  I was worried there 
for a second.  [turns off radio]

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F03 - Treehouse of Horror V (The Shinning).

%
Homer:  Come, family.  Sit in the snow with Daddy and let us all bask in 
television's warm glowing warming glow.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F03 - Treehouse of Horror V (The Shinning).

%
Homer:  I've gone back to the time when dinosaurs weren't just confined to 
zoos!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F03 - Treehouse of Horror V (Time and Punishment).

%
Bart:  Hmm, I wonder where Jimbo is today?  He should have beaten us up for 
our lunch money an hour ago.

Uter: [cutting in line] Oh, lunch lady?  Please to have another sloppy 
Jimbo?  [to Bart] Das ist gut, nein? 

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F03 - Treehouse of Horror V (Nightmare Cafeteria).

%
Principal Skinner:  Now that's your third helping, young man, making you 
fat and soft...[licks lips] and tender.  Er, you just cut in line, didn't 
you?  Report to detention, Uter.

Uter:  For how long?

Skinner: [quietly] Oh, about seven minutes a pound should do it.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F03 - Treehouse of Horror V (Nightmare Cafeteria).

%
Doris: [wearing German folk dress, serving Bart] OK, I got your German grub 
right here.

Lisa:  Bart, does it strike you as odd that Uter disappeared and suddenly 
they're serving us this mysterious food called "Uterbraten"?

Principal Skinner: [walking up in lederhosen] Oh, relax, kids, I've got a 
*gut* feeling Uter is around here somewhere.  [chuckles] After all, isn't 
there a little *Uter* in all of us?  [chuckling again] In fact, you might 
even say we just *ate* Uter and he's in our *stomachs* right now! [laughs, 
then pauses] Wait...scratch that one.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F03 - Treehouse of Horror V (Nightmare Cafeteria).

%
Lisa:  Mom!  Mom!  You've gotta help: they're cooking kids in the school 
cafeteria!

Marge:  Listen, kids: you're eight and ten years old now.  I can't be 
fighting all your battles for you.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F03 - Treehouse of Horror V (Nightmare Cafeteria).

%
I WILL NOT DISSECT THINGS UNLESS INSTRUCTED

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F05 - Lisa on Ice.

%
Weatherman:  Kent, I'd like to remind everybody to come down and watch me 
at the Springfield Laff'N'Brew, and burgers and fries this Saturday.  The 
forecast calls for a 75% chance of hilarity!

Homer:  I like those odds...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F05 - Lisa on Ice.

%
Jimbo:  Nice PJs, Simpson.  Did your mommy buy 'em for ya?

Bart:  Of course she did.  Who else would have?

Jimbo:  [thinks] [menacing] All right, Simpson, you win *this* round.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F05 - Lisa on Ice.

%
Mrs. Krabappel:  OK, it's book report time.  We'll do them alphabetically.  
Today it's A through M.

Bart:  I'm saved!  I love being a S-s-s-s-simpson.

Mrs. K.:  Let's see, we have no A's, so let's go right to the B's.  Bart?

Bart:  Huh?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F05 - Lisa on Ice.

%
Lisa:  That's not fair?  Why is Bart getting a present and I'm getting 
chewed out?

Homer:  Ah - the mysteries of life.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F05 - Lisa on Ice.

%
Teacher:  Tell you what, Simpson: I won't fail you if you join one of those 
peewee teams outside the school.

Lisa:  You mean those leagues where parents push their kids into vicious 
competition to compensate for their own failed dreams of glory?

Teacher:  Look, I don't need this.  I inhaled my favorite whistle this 
morning!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F05 - Lisa on Ice.

%
Chief Wiggum:  Oh yes!  We won!  We WON!  Um, unfortunately, because I bet 
on the other team, heh, we won't be going for pizza.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F05 - Lisa on Ice.

%
ADDING "JUST KIDDING" DOESN'T MAKE IT OKAY TO INSULT THE PRINCIPAL.

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F09 - Homer the Great.

%
Lenny:  How come you guys got better parking places than me.

Carl:  It's a secret.

Lenny:  Sh-ut up.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F09 - Homer the Great.

%
Lenny:  Hey, how come you guys have got better chairs than me?

It's a secret.

Lenny:  Shu-ut up!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F09 - Homer the Great.

%
Homer:  So anyway, Lenny and Carl are never around on Wednesdays and they 
don't tell me where they go.  It's like a conspiracy.

 Bart:  A conspiracy, eh?  You think they might be involved in the Kennedy 
assassination in some way?

Homer:  I do... now.  Anyway, I'm going to follow them tonight and see 
where they go.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F09 - Homer the Great.

%
Principal Skinner:  An intruder!  He will pay the ultimate price.

Dr. Hibbert:  Yes.  The ultimate price.

Moe: [throwing Homer out] Ge-et outta here!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F09 - Homer the Great.

%
Homer:  I saw weird stuff in that place last night.  Weird, strange, sick, 
twisted, eerie, godless, evil stuff!  And I want in.

Carl:  We don't, uh, know what you're talking about, Homer.

Lenny:  And you can't join the Stonecutters because it's too exclusive!

Carl: [sighs] Well, it was a real nice secret organization we had once.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F09 - Homer the Great.

%
Homer: [looking back to childhood] I felt so left out.

Marge:  Kids can be so cruel.

Bart:  We can?  Thanks, Mom.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F09 - Homer the Great.

%
Lisa:  You're a member of the Stonecutters, Grampa?

Abe:  Oh, sure.  Let's see...[pulls out wallet, starts going through it] 
I'm an elk, a Mason, a communist.  I'm the president of the Gay and Lesbian 
Alliance for some reason. ... Ah, here it is.  The Stonecutters.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F09 - Homer the Great.

%
Homer:  And by the sacred parchment, I swear that if I reveal the secrets 
of the Stonecutters, may my stomach become bloated and my head be plucked 
of all but three hairs --

Moe:  Um, I think he should have to take a different oath.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F09 - Homer the Great.

%
Marge:  Homer, a man who called himself "You-Know-Who" just invited you to 
a secret "wink-wink" at the "you-know-what".  You certainly are popular now 
that you're a Stonecutter.

Homer:  Oh, yeah. [reads from a book] "Beer busts, beer blasts, keggers, 
stein hoists, A.A. meetings, beer nights..."  It's wonderful, Marge!  I've 
never felt so accepted in all my life.  These people look deep within my 
soul and assign me a number based on the order in which I joined.  [sniffs 
tearily]

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F09 - Homer the Great.

%
Stone cutters: [singing their drinking song around their ceremonial table] 
Who controls the British crown?
Who keeps the metric system down?
We do!  We do.

Carl:  Who leaves the Atlantis off the maps?

Lenny:  Who keeps the Martians under wraps?

Martian:  We do!  We do.

Everyone:  Who holds back the electric car?

Steve Guttenberg:  Who makes Steve Guttenberg a star?

Everyone:  We do!  We do.

Principal Skinner:  Who robs cave fish of their sight?

Homer:  Who rigs every Oscar night?

Everyone:  We do!  We do.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F09 - Homer the Great.

%
Homer: [bored] Oh, I win again, don't I.  Woo hoo.  You know, I think you 
guys are letting me win.

Everyone:  No!  No...

Homer:  From now on you want me to be honest with me.  I mean, I'm not 
perfect, right?

Carl:  Uh...y -- uh, yeah.

Chief Wiggum:  Um, well, y -- na -- y -- na -- um --

Moe: Um, y -- uh -- y -- n -- run!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F09 - Homer the Great.

%
Homer:  Brothers, I've learned a wonderful lesson: helping others makes our 
own lives better and makes us better people.  So instead of just shooting 
pool and drinking beer, let us Stonecutters use what we have to help the 
less fortunate.

Moe:  He's gone mad with power like that Albert Schweitzer guy.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F09 - Homer the Great.

%
Homer:  Oh Marge, kids, I miss my club.

Marge:  Oh, Homey.  You know, you *are* a member of a very exclusive club.

Homer:  Black panthers?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F09 - Homer the Great.

%
CURSIVE WRITING DOES NOT MEAN WHAT I THINK IT DOES

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F11 - Bart's Comet.

%
Principal Skinner:  And now, to top off our most propane-explosion-free 
science week ever, our grand finale:  the launching of a weather balloon!

Children:  Yay!

Bart:  Go, weather balloon!  Hurrah for science, woo!

Principal Skinner:  [thinking aloud] "Hurrah for science, woo"?  I can't 
say I approve of the "woo" but the "hurrah" was quite heartening.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F11 - Bart's Comet.

%
Milhouse:  Bart, if you have a failing, it's that you're always demanding 
perfection.  That's *if* you have a failing.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F11 - Bart's Comet.

%
Principal Skinner:  Oh, it won't come down for months.  Curse the man who 
invented helium!  Curse Pierre-Jules-Cesar Janssen.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F11 - Bart's Comet.

%
Principal Skinner:  I'm going to punish you for this, Bart... and it won't 
just be a simple caning this time.  Because you have impeded science, you 
must now *aid* science.  Yes, starting tomorrow, you will assist me with my 
amateur astronomy, taking down measurements, carrying equipment, and so 
forth.  4:30 in the morning.

Bart:  There's a 4:30 in the morning now?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F11 - Bart's Comet.

%
Principal Skinner:  Ah, there's nothing more exciting than science.  You 
get all the fun of sitting still, being quiet, writing down numbers, paying 
attention...  Science has it all.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F11 - Bart's Comet.

%
Homer:  And then I sped away without anyone seeing my license plate.

Lisa:  Sounds like you had a good day today, Dad.

Homer:  Yeah...except I forgot to go to work.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F11 - Bart's Comet.

%
Professor Frink:  Now, working with former Carter Administration officials 
and military men who were forced into early retirement for various reasons 
which we won't go into here, nn-hey, we have planned this defence for the 
city.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F11 - Bart's Comet.

%
Homer:  Will you all stop worrying about that stupid comet?  It's going to 
be destroyed, didn't you hear what that guy in the building said?

Lisa:  But Dad, don't you think...

Homer:  Uh, Lisa, the whole reason we have elected officials is so we don't 
*have* to think all the time.  Just like that rainforest scare a few years 
back:  our officials saw there was a problem and they fixed it, didn't they?

Lisa:  No, Dad, I don't think...

Homer:  There's that word again.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F11 - Bart's Comet.

%
Homer:  It's times like this I wish I were a religious man.

Rev. Lovejoy:  It's all over, people!  We don't have a prayer.  Aaarrrgh...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F11 - Bart's Comet.

%
Bart:  What's really amazing, is that this is *exactly* what Dad said would 
happen.

Lisa:  Yeah, Dad was right.

Homer:  I know, kids.  I'm scared too!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F11 - Bart's Comet.

%
NEXT TIME IT COULD BE ME ON THE SCAFFOLDING

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Lisa:  When Krusty wants to, he can still blow 'em away.

Bart:  Yes.  He can take a simple, everyday thing like eating a bicycle and 
make it funny.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Krusty the Klown:  Ah, there's nothing better than a cigarette... unless 
it's a cigarette lit with a $100 bill!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Krusty the Klown:  Put five thousand bucks on the Lakers.  Hire Kenny G to 
play for me in the elevator.  My house is dirty; buy me a clean one.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Bill:  Krusty, as your accountant, I must warn you your spending...

Krusty the Klown:  Did you send those thousand roses to Bea Arthur's grave?

Bill:  [exasperated] Yes, but she's still...

Krusty:  I don't want to hear the end of any sentences!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Fat Tony:  Krusty, with regards to the large wager you made on yesterday's 
horse race...

Krusty the Klown:  Aw, come on, let... how about letting me go double or 
nothing on the big opera tonight?

Tony:  Who do you like?

Krusty:  The tenor!

Tony:  [thinks] OK.  But we're only letting the bet ride because you crack 
us so consistently up.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Bill:  You've got to stop blowing your money like this, Krusty.

Krusty Klown:  No can do.

Bill:  And those ridiculous bets you make... gambling is the finest thing a 
person can do *if* he's good at it, but you haven't won anything in months.

Krusty:  So?  I'll just make some more money.  Crank out some cheesy 
merchandise.

Bill:  But you've already merchandised everything: Krusty's Monopoly Game, 
the Krusty Krowd Kontrol Barrier... *nothing* is selling any more, not even 
your new Lady Krusty line.

Krusty:  But our infomercials are running 24 hours a day!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Bill:  At this rate you'll be broke in a month.  The only thing left to do 
is... open a Clown College and train some regional Krustys.

Krusty the Klown:  You mean like that bozo, Bonko the Clown?

Bill:  Exactly.

Krusty:  Forget it.  I'll just cut back on the condor egg omelettes.  Mmm, 
a couple of those would be tasty right now.

Bill:  I'll found the college tomorrow.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Lenny:  Hey, Homer - the section you're supposed to be monitoring is on 
fire.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Homer:  That's it!  You people have stood in my way long enough.  I'm
going to clown college!

Bart:  I don't think any of us expected him to say that.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Bart:  Dad, you can't just go around pretending to be Krusty.  It's 
sacrilege.  He's a one-and-only.  I mean, he invented the pie-fight, the 
pratfall, and the seltzer bottle, as far as I know.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Lisa:  Yeah, Dad, it was bad enough when you tried to pass yourself off as 
Tom Bosley, but Krusty?

Homer:  You weren't complaining when I got you this close to Chachi.

Bart:  What's a Chachi?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
[at clown college]

Krusty the Klown:  Those are supposed to be baggy pants.  Baggy!

Homer:  Ooh.  I've never had a pair of pants that fit this well in my life.


     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Krusty:  OK, memorize these funny place names: Walla Walla.  Keokuk. 
Cucamonga.  Seattle...

Homer: [bursting out laughing] Stop it, you're killing me!  [laughing 
again] "Seattle".


     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Bart:  Wow, I'm sorry I doubted you before, Dad.

Lisa:  If there had to be a bastardised version of Krusty, I'm glad it's 
you.

Homer:  Thanks, honey.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Krusty:  Welcome to the noble family of skilled Krustaceans.  You will now 
go back to your home towns and do kids' parties, swap meets, and all the 
other piddling crap I wouldn't touch with a ten foot clown pole.  Now, come 
and get your catskins... er, I mean, sheepskins.


     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Homer:  [tying balloons unrecognisably] And then, take that... and... put 
that in there, and you...ah!  There's your giraffe, little girl.

Ralph:  I'm a boy!

Homer:  That's the spirit.  Never give up.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Homer:  When I started this clown thing, I thought it would be nothing but 
glory.  You know, the glory of being a clown.  I tell you, it's hard, 
tiring work.  But when I see the smiles on their little faces, I just know 
they're getting ready to jab me with something.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Dick:  Let's walk and talk.  I, uh, I have some wonderful stories about 
other famous people that include me in some way.

Homer:  Er, can't.  I gotta go distract bulls at a rodeo.

Dick:  Hey, me too!  We can go together.

Homer:  Um... No, I'm going a different way than you, Dick.

Dick:  Heh heh.  Your... churlish attitude reminds me of a time I was 
having dinner with Groucho and...

Homer:  Look, you're going to be having dinner with Groucho tonight if you 
don't beat it.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Apu:  How could I charge full price to the man whose lust for filthy 
magazines kept me in business during that first shaky year?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Homer:  I'm telling you Marge, this will work.  They'll think I'm Krusty 
and give us free stuff.  I've been getting free stuff all day!  Look at 
this swell bucket of house paint.  [holds one up] Look at it!

Marge:  I'm not saying it won't work, I'm just saying it's dishonest.

Homer:  Well if we agree, then why are we arguing?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Luigi: [to Homer, posing as Krusty the Klown] Hey, Krusty!  Hey, ooh, 
beautiful date-a tonight, huh?  And such-a lovely children you have-a now.

Bart:  I'm more striking than lovely.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Bill:  Let me get this straight: you took all the money you made 
franchising your name and bet it against the Harlem Globetrotters?

Krusty:  Oh, I thought the Generals were due!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Fat Tony:  I am afraid the time has come for you to pay us.

Krusty:  Look, I'm cleaned out.  Just take the Clown College.

Tony:  We have already taken it.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Car Salesman:  Well I can't *give* you the car, Krusty, but I *can* let you 
have this little number for practically nothing: only $38,000.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Plastic surgeon:  Krusty, your plastic surgery is complete.  Now, when I 
remove the bandages, don't be alarmed by the total stranger staring back at 
you.

Krusty the Klown:  Aah!  I look exactly the same, you moron!

Surgeon:  Ho ho, nonsense, Krusty: you look at least ten years younger!  
Plus, I gave you breasts.

Krusty:  Does anyone hear me complaining about the breasts?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Fat Tony:  I told you we should have bought more than three bullets.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
Homer: [dressed as Krusty the Klown] But wait - you can't kill me for being 
Krusty the Klown.  I'm not him. ... I'm Homer Simpson!

Fat Tony:  The same Homer Simpson who crashed his car through the wall of 
our club?

Homer:  Uh, actually, my name is Barney.  Yeah, Barney Gumbel.

Legs:  The same Barney Gumbel who keeps taking picture of my sister?

Homer:  Uh, actually, my *real* name is, uh -- think, Krusty, think!  -- 
Joe Valachi!

Louie:  The same Joe Valachi who squealed to the Senate Committee about 
Organized Crime?

[later...]

Homer:  Benedict Arnold!

Legs:  The same Benedict Arnold who plotted to surrender West Point to the 
hated British?

Homer:  D'oh!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F12 - Homer the Clown.

%
I WILL NOT STRUT AROUND LIKE I OWN THE PLACE

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F15 - Lisa's Wedding.

%
Doris:  Yon meat, 'tis sweet as summer's wafting breeze.

Homer:  Can I have some?

Doris:  Mine ears are only open to the pleas of those who speak ye olde 
English.

Homer:  Sweet maiden of the spit, grant now my boon, that I might sup on 
suckling pig this noon.

Doris:  Whatever.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F15 - Lisa's Wedding.

%
[At "Springfield Renaissance Fair"]

Chief Wiggum:  Alight your gaze on yonder fabled beasts of yore.  Behold, 
the rarest of the rare, the mythological two-headed hound born with only 
one head.  Ooh, and here, out of the mists of history, the legendary 
esquilax, a horse with the head of a rabbit and the body of a rabbit.  Oh, 
it's galloping away.

Lisa: [chasing a plain ordinary rabbit] Here, bunny bunny.  Here, bunny.
  
Wiggum:  "Here, esquilax."

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F15 - Lisa's Wedding.

%
Homer: [munching pork] Oh, I've eaten eight different meats.  I am a true 
renaissance man!

Lisa:  I'll go to the first aid tent and tell them to plug in ye olde 
stomach pump.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F15 - Lisa's Wedding.

%
Fortune teller:  I've been waiting for you, Lisa.

Lisa: [surprised] How did you know my name?

Fortune teller:  Your nametag.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F15 - Lisa's Wedding.

%
Fortune teller:  Would you like to know your future?

Lisa:  Heh, sorry, I don't believe in fortune telling.  I should go.
 
Fortune teller:  What's your hurry?  Bart and Maggie and Marge are at the 
joust, and Homer is heckling the puppet show.
       
Lisa: [gasps] Wow, you *can* see into the... present.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F15 - Lisa's Wedding.

%
Fortune teller: Now we'll see what the future holds. [turning over a card]

Lisa: [startled] The "Death" card?

Fortune teller: No, that's good: it means transition, change.

Lisa: [relieved] Oh.

[the woman turns over another card]

Lisa: Oh, that's cute.

Fortune teller: [gasps] "The Happy Squirel"!

Lisa: [timid] That's bad?

Fortune teller:  Possibly.  The cards are vague and mysterious.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F15 - Lisa's Wedding.

%
Lisa: Hi, Mom.

Marge:  Lisa!  Hello.  How are you doing in England?  Remember, an elevator 
is called a "lift", a mile is called a "kilometer", and botulism is called 
"steak and kidney pie".

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F15 - Lisa's Wedding.

%
Principal Skinner:  We've been invited to the wedding of our only graduate 
to read at an adult level.

Miss Hoover:  Mmm, it must be Lisa Simpson, because of course Martin Prince 
perished in that science fair explosion.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F15 - Lisa's Wedding.

%
I WILL NOT MOCK MRS. DUMBFACE

   Blackboard

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F21 - The Springfield Connection.

%
Chief Wiggum:  Cuff him, boys.  We're putting this dirtbag away.

Snake:  Huh!  I'll be back on the street in 24 hours.

Wiggum:  We'll try to make it twelve.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F21 - The Springfield Connection.

%
Chief Wiggum:  What, what, what, what, WHAT!?  This better be about pizza.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F21 - The Springfield Connection.

%
Bart:  Wow, Mom!  I never thought of you as some kind of authority figure.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F21 - The Springfield Connection.

%
Homer:  Marge, you being a cop makes you the man... which makes me the 
woman.  I have no interest in that, besides occasionally wearing the 
underwear (which, as we discussed, is strictly a comfort thing).

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F21 - The Springfield Connection.

%
Chief Wiggum:  All right, you scrawny beanpoles: becoming a cop is *not* 
something that happens overnight. ... It takes one solid weekend of 
training to get that badge.

Trainee:  Forget about the badge!  When do we get the freakin' guns?!

Wiggum:  Hey, I told you, you don't get your gun until you tell me your 
name.

Trainee:  I've had it up to here with your "rules"!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F21 - The Springfield Connection.

%
Chief Wiggum: [watching Marge scramble over an obstacle course wall] Women 
always seem to have trouble with the wall.  They can't ever seem to find 
the door.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F21 - The Springfield Connection.

%
Lisa:  Whatever you do, Mom, we'll be proud of you.

Marge:  Well thank you, honey.

Lisa:  As long as it's constitutional.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F21 - The Springfield Connection.

%
Marge:  Homer!  Give me my pepper spray!

Homer:  Oh, Marge!  One spray and you're south of the border.  Hmmm...  
Incapacitating.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F21 - The Springfield Connection.

%
Marge: [on the beat] Hello, Mr. Hutz.

Hutz:  I'll have you know the contents of that dumpster are private! You 
stick your nose in, you'll be violating attorney-dumpster confidentiality.

Marge:  I just wanted to say "hello".

Hutz:  Oh.  Hello.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F21 - The Springfield Connection.

%
THIS IS NOT A CLUE... OR IS IT?

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F16 - Who Shot Mr. Burns?  (Part 1).

%
Principal Skinner:  Superintendent Chalmers, er, how are you going?

Superintendent Chalmers:  Why is it when I heard the word "school" and the 
word "exploded" I immediately though of the word "Skinner"?!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F16 - Who Shot Mr. Burns?  (Part 1).

%
Montgomery Burns:  A non-profit organization with oil?  I won't allow it!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F16 - Who Shot Mr. Burns?  (Part 1).

%
Superintendent Chalmers:  What's that under your hand there?

Principal Skinner: [pause] It's an unrelated article.

Chalmers:  It's an unrelated article in the banner headline?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F16 - Who Shot Mr. Burns?  (Part 1).

%
Principal Skinner: Yes.  [puts the newspaper down] Now, to redirect our 
conversation slightly, I had a few ideas on how to spend this oil money.

Superintendent Chalmers: Well, we could give each student a full college 
scholarship.

[riotous laughter]

Skinner: Oh, mercy.  Seriously though...

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F16 - Who Shot Mr. Burns?  (Part 1).

%
Voice: [over intercom] Principal Skinner, this is your secretary.  There is 
one last student here to see you.

Principal Skinner: That's odd.  I don't have a secretary...or an intercom!  
But send him in.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F16 - Who Shot Mr. Burns?  (Part 1).

%
Montgomery Burns: [menacingly to Principal Skinner] I want that oil well.  
I've got a monopoly to maintain!  I own the electric company, and the water 
works... plus the hotel on Baltic Avenue!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F16 - Who Shot Mr. Burns?  (Part 1).

%
Smithers: Sir...  What I am about to say violates every sycophantic urge in 
my body, but I wish you would reconsider.  This isn't a rival company your 
battling with: it's a school.  People won't stand for it.

Montgomery Burns: Pish posh, it will be like taking candy from a baby.  
Say, that sounds like a larf.  Let's try it right now.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F16 - Who Shot Mr. Burns?  (Part 1).

%
Smithers: [sarcastically, to Montgomery Burns] Well, Sir, you've certainly 
vanquished all your enemies: the Elementary School, the local tavern, the 
old age home...you must be very proud.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F16 - Who Shot Mr. Burns?  (Part 1).

%
Smithers:  I don't want any part of this project, it's unconscionably 
fiendish.

Montgomery Burns: I will not suffer your insubordination.  There has been a 
shocking decline in the quality and quantity of your toadying, Waylon.  And 
you will fall into line, now!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F16 - Who Shot Mr. Burns?  (Part 1).

%
Selma:  Mr. Burns has been shot.

Chief Wiggum: Just a minute!  This isn't Mr. Burns at all!  It's a mask!  
Wait, it *is* Burns.  Heh, his wrinkly skin, it...looks like a mask.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F16 - Who Shot Mr. Burns?  (Part 1).

%
Dr. Hibbert:  Well, I couldn't possibly solve this mystery.  Can...*you*?

Chief Wiggum:  Yeah, I'll give it a shot, I mean, you know, it's my job, 
right?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 2F16 - Who Shot Mr. Burns?  (Part 1).

%
I WILL NOT FILE FRIVOLOUS LAWSUITS

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - 5F21 - Wizard Of Evergreen Terrace.

%
Marge:  Wouldn't you prefer your sugar bag.

Homer:  I don't deserve sugar.  I'm half way to my grave and I haven't 
accomplished anything.  Nooo...  I'm not looking forward to my funeral.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 5F21 - Wizard Of Evergreen Terrace.

%
Homer:  Do you know how many memories I have?  Three!  Standing in line for 
a movie, having a key made, and sitting here talking to you.  Thirty-eight 
years and that's all I have to show for it!

Marge:  You're thirty-nine.

Homer:  *Aaagh!*

     [ ] The Simpsons - 5F21 - Wizard Of Evergreen Terrace.

%
Homer:  And I'm starting right now.   No more damn pyjamas!  From this day 
forward, I am an inventor!

Man:  Do us a favour.  Invent yourself some underpants!

     [ ] The Simpsons - 5F21 - Wizard Of Evergreen Terrace.

%
Frink:  Alright, just stay calm, Frinky.  These babies will be in the 
stores while he's still grappling with the pickle matrix.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 5F21 - Wizard Of Evergreen Terrace.

%
Homer:  That's why I invented this revolutionary make-up gun.  It's for 
the woman who only has four-fifths of a second to get ready.  Close your 
eyes, Marge.  *BLAM*  Now you're ready for a night on the town.

Marge:  Homer!  You've got it set on "whore".

     [ ] The Simpsons - 5F21 - Wizard Of Evergreen Terrace.

%
Homer:  I guess I'm no better at being Thomas Edison than I am at being 
Homer Simpson.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 5F21 - Wizard Of Evergreen Terrace.

%
Marge:  It could save lives!

Homer:  Really?  You think it's a good idea?

Bart:  Oh, yeah!  Safety sells!  Especially to lame-Os.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 5F21 - Wizard Of Evergreen Terrace.

%
Homer:  Look, son ... Edison was just like me.

Bart:  You mean the wild mood swings?

     [ ] The Simpsons - 5F21 - Wizard Of Evergreen Terrace.

%
Kent Brockman:  Authorities say the phony pope can be recognized by his 
high-top sneakers, and incredibly foul mouth.

     [ ] The Simpsons - 5F21 - Wizard Of Evergreen Terrace.

%
Moe Syzslak: [to Snake] You smokers disgust me.  [to Apu, behind the 
counter] Hey 'Pu - got a breakfast cereal for people with syphilis.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF01 - Treehouse of Horror IX (Hell Toupee).

%
Chief Wiggum: [to Snake] Well, you'll be seeing lots of nuns where you're 
going, pal: Hell!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF01 - Treehouse of Horror IX (Hell Toupee).

%
Homer:  Who wants to see their sexy new Daddy?

Marge:  Woah!  If your fly weren't open you'd look just like Roger Moore.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF01 - Treehouse of Horror IX (Hell Toupee).

%
It looks like he's killing from beyond the grave.

Didn't I tell you capital punishment was no deterrent.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF01 - Treehouse of Horror IX (Hell Toupee).

%
Bart:  Hey, Lis!  We're characters in a cartoon!

Lisa:  How humiliating.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF01 - Treehouse of Horror IX (The Terror of Tiny 
.
Toon)

%
Help!  Police!

"To protect, and ... sever!?"

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF01 - Treehouse of Horror IX (The Terror of Tiny 
.
Toon)

%
Homer:  Look, Marge!  Maggie lost her baby legs!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF01 - Treehouse of Horror IX (Starship Poopers).

%
Marge:  Homer, do something!  The ceiling's not a safe place for a young
baby!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF01 - Treehouse of Horror IX (Starship Poopers).

%
Homer:  Is there anything you could prescribe?

Dr. Hibbert:  Fire and lots of it.

Marge: [groan] That's your cure for everything.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF01 - Treehouse of Horror IX (Starship Poopers).

%
Kang:  Holy flurking schnitt!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF01 - Treehouse of Horror IX (Starship Poopers).

%
Homer:  Oh grrrreat!  Mormons!

Kang:  Actually we're Quantum Presbytarians.  And we've come to see ... my 
daughter.

Marge: [groan] I was hoping this day would never come.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF01 - Treehouse of Horror IX (Starship Poopers).

%
Audience member:  I've got a question for that gross thing whatever it is.

Jerry Springer:  Homer.

Audience member:  Nah, the green thing.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF01 - Treehouse of Horror IX (Starship Poopers).

%
Marge:  I'm so f[bleep] embarrased!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF01 - Treehouse of Horror IX (Starship Poopers).

%
Homer:  Come on Maggie.  Let's go home.

Maggie: [with the voice of Kang] Very well.  I'll drive.  [evil laughter] 
I need blood.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF01 - Treehouse of Horror IX (Starship Poopers).

%
NO ONE CARES WHAT MY DEFINITION OF "IS" IS

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF02 - D'oh-in' In The Wind.

%
Montgomery Burns:  What we need around here is some fresh blood!

Smithers:  Would you like me to drain Simpson while he's passed out, sir?

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF02 - D'oh-in' In The Wind.

%
Homer:  There were script problems from day one.

Bart:  It didn't look like anyone was reading the script.

Homer:  That was the problem.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF02 - D'oh-in' In The Wind.

%
Abe:  I know where we might find your missing moniker.  It's a bit of a
drive, but on the way we can have a nice father son chat.

Homer:  Grrreat.  ...  I'll go shoot myself for bringing this up.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF02 - D'oh-in' In The Wind.

%
Abe:  If I'd have left it up to your mother, you'd have ended up in a 
hell-hole like this, just lying around, never working, without a care in 
your head, full of long, luxurious, hippie hair.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF02 - D'oh-in' In The Wind.

%
Seth:  You know Homer, your Mom was a pretty groovy chick.

Munchie:  And a demon in the sack!  [the two snicker]

Abe:  Oh, you heard about that, eh?  [laughs]

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF02 - D'oh-in' In The Wind.

%
Homer:  Oh my God ... my middle name is right behind that shrub!  I'll 
finally know what "J" stands for.  From this moment forth, I will be known 
as Homer ... Jay Simpson!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF02 - D'oh-in' In The Wind.

%
Lisa:  Dad, do you mind?  Your feet are really close to my potato.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF02 - D'oh-in' In The Wind.

%
Homer: [whining] Why do you have to turn everything into one big plastic 
hassle?  Marge, you've got too many hang-ups.  Like, the whole shaving 
trip.  Come on, I want to see those legs all furry and gross!

Marge:  That ain't gonna happen, bub.

Homer:  Well, at least lose the bra.  Free the Springfield Two, Marge!  
Free the Springfield Two!

Marge:  Mmm, I think you've had too much strawberry wine.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF02 - D'oh-in' In The Wind.

%
Homer:  Look, we can sit here all day, and play the blame game, or we can 
start freaking people out.  Come on, where's your freak bus?

Seth:  I drive a Saturn.

Homer:  A Saturn?

Seth:  We used to have a bus.

Munchie:  In a way, the sixties ended the day we sold it:  December 
thirty-first, 1969.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF02 - D'oh-in' In The Wind.

%
Principal Skinner:  Hmmm.  Fifteen years of loyal service, and this is how 
they tell me?  A jester with an invisible proclamation?

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF02 - D'oh-in' In The Wind.

%
Kent Brockman:  Stunned league officials say point-shaving may have 
occurred in as many as three Harlem Globetrotters' games.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF02 - D'oh-in' In The Wind.

%
Kent Brockman:  And, in business news, Groovy Grove Juice Corporation has 
announced it will miss delivery on its third quarter shipment.  A spokesman 
attributed the production shutdown to a half-witted oaf.

Homer:  Aww, it was sweet of those guys to blame an oaf.  But really, it 
was my fault.  I just don't have the discipline to be a hippie.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF02 - D'oh-in' In The Wind.

%
Bart:  Aw, cheer up, Dad.  You make a great hippie.

Homer:  Aw, you're just saying that.

Bart:  No, really.  You're lazy and self-righteous ...

Lisa:  ... and the soles of your feet are jet black!

Homer:  Well, I do walk through pretty much anything.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF02 - D'oh-in' In The Wind.

%
Seth:  What happened to our crops?

Homer:  I picked 'em, juiced 'em, and delivered 'em to every store in town. 
 
Your business is saved!

Munchie:  But there weren't enough vegetables left to fill that order!

Homer:  Eh!  That's what I thought at first.  But then I found the other 
garden behind the barn!  The one with the camouflage netting!

Munchie:  Uh, oh.

Seth:  Homer ... those were our *personal* vegetables.

Homer:  Well, now the whole town can benefit from their nutrients.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF02 - D'oh-in' In The Wind.

%
Wiggum:  Lou!  Lou, are you all right?

Lou:  The electric yellow has got me by the brain banana ...

Wiggum:  I ... see.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF02 - D'oh-in' In The Wind.

%
Wiggum:  My God, it's nothing but carrots and peyote.

Eddie:  Damn longhairs never learn, Chief.

Wiggum:  Eh, it's time for an old-fashioned hippie ass-whomping!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF02 - D'oh-in' In The Wind.

%
Homer:  Not so fast, pig.  We're making a stand!  A freaky stand!  You can 
smash this drug barn all you want, but first you'll have to smash our heads 
open like ripe melons!

Munchie:  This man does not represent us.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF02 - D'oh-in' In The Wind.

%
Marge:  Doctor, will he be all right?

Dr. Hibbert:  Yes, he was lucky.  If that had been a gladiola, he'd be dead 
right now.

Bart:  Why don't you just pull it out?

Hibbert: [laughing] I'm a doctor, not a gardener!

Homer:  Can't you just prune some of the leaves so I can watch TV?

Hibbert:  What did I just say?

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF02 - D'oh-in' In The Wind.

%
I WILL NOT SCREAM FOR ICE CREAM

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF03 - Lisa Gets an 'A'.

%
Bart:  Oh, I'm starving!  Mom, can we go Catholic so we can get communion 
wafers and booze?

Marge:  No, no one's going Catholic.  Three children is enough, thank you.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF03 - Lisa Gets an 'A'.

%
Bart:  You didn't even feel her forehead.  How do I get that kind of
credibility?

Marge:  With 8 years of scrupulous honesty.

Bart:  Awww.  Ain't worth it.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF03 - Lisa Gets an 'A'.

%
Ralph:  Hi Lisa, I brought your Homework!  We have to read this!

Lisa:  The Wind In The Willows.  ...?

Ralph:  It's about a toad, and badger, and a mole.  ...  I drawed on mine...
is this my house?

Lisa:  No, you live in a different house.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF03 - Lisa Gets an 'A'.

%
Lisa:  Mr Toad has a red blank.  ...  okay, skip that one.  Mr blank needs a
blank in order to blank his blank.  ...  oooh, I'm in deep blank.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF03 - Lisa Gets an 'A'.

%
Lisa:  I'll get a zero for sure, Bart, what am I gonna do?

Bart:  Well, if it was me, I'd just take  the zero.  ...  uh, but that's not
for everyone.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF03 - Lisa Gets an 'A'.

%
Homer:  And now for the main course.  ...  Steamed Maine Cabbages!

Bart:  Pardon me for asking, but where the hell's my stupid lobster?

Homer:  We're not eating Mr. Pinchy, he's part of the family now.  Pinchy,
I made you some Risotto.

Bart/Lisa/Marge:  Oh Dad/Homer!

Homer:  What's your problem, veggie, you don't even eat lobster.

Lisa:  No, but I enjoy the smell.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF03 - Lisa Gets an 'A'.

%
Ms. Hoover:  I graded this morning's tests over lunch, and *most* of you 
did quite well.

Ralph:  I got a B!

Hoover:  No, Ralph, that's an F.  I must've spilled some Kahlua.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF03 - Lisa Gets an 'A'.

%
Ms. Hoover:  Don't be so modest, Lisa.  You earned that A+++.

Lisa:  Actually, there are four pluses.

Hoover:  No, that's Drambuie.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF03 - Lisa Gets an 'A'.

%
Principal Skinner:  Your devotion to scholarship is a shining beacon to all 
those who...

Lisa:  Stop it!  I cheated.  Cheated cheated cheated cheated cheated!

Skinner:  Lisa, what are you trying to say?

Lisa:  I CHEATED!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF03 - Lisa Gets an 'A'.

%
I AM NOT A LICENSED HAIRSTYLIST

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF04 - Homer Simpson in: Kidney Trouble.

%
Homer:  Two hours?  Why'd they build this ghost town so far away?

Lisa:  Because they discovered gold right over there!

Homer:  It's because they're stupid, that's why.  That's why everybody does 
everything.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF04 - Homer Simpson in: Kidney Trouble.

%
Marge:  I never realized history was so filthy!

Guide:  First on our tour is the whore house; then we'll visit the 
cathouse, the brothel, the bordello, and finally the old mission.

Marge:  Oh, thank heaven!

Guide:  Lots of prostitutes in there!

Marge:  Hmmmmm ...

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF04 - Homer Simpson in: Kidney Trouble.

%
Guide:  Uh, yes sir?
 
Homer:  Do we have to listen to you?

Guide:  Well, no, you don't, but if you have any interest in history ...
 
Homer:  I'm done!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF04 - Homer Simpson in: Kidney Trouble.

%
Homer:  Hey, robot, get your fat metal ass down here!

Bartender:  Well, first of all; I'm not a robot, and second, I got this 
metal ass in 'Nam, defending this country for lazy jerks like you!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF04 - Homer Simpson in: Kidney Trouble.

%
Abe:  Ah, can't get a good sasparilla like this back in Springfield.  It
angries up the blood.

Bartender:  Heh, you like it, huh?

Abe:  Up yours!!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF04 - Homer Simpson in: Kidney Trouble.

%
Homer:  Really?  You think It's dangerous?

Carl:  Oh, yeah; and even if you survive the operation ...

Homer:  Procedure!  Deadly procedure.

Carl:  Whatever, the point is, with only one kidney, you won't be able t
o 
drink yourself stupid no more.

Homer: [defensively] Now you're just trying to scare me.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF04 - Homer Simpson in: Kidney Trouble.

%
Homer:  Marge, I've been thinking.  What if instead of donating one of my 
old worn out kidneys; I give Grampa that artificial kidney I invented?

Marge:  Oh, Homer, that was just a beer can with a whistle glued to it.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF04 - Homer Simpson in: Kidney Trouble.

%
Capt. McAllister:  Welcome aboard the ship of lost souls.

Homer:  The name on the back says "Honeybunch"

Barnacle Bill:  Yarrr...  I've been meaning to paint over that.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF04 - Homer Simpson in: Kidney Trouble.

%
Homer:  Well, back on land my name was ... Homer Simpson ... and I guess it 
is here, too.  I promised my dad one of my kidneys, but I chickened out on 
the last minute and left him on his death bed.  [everyone immediately stops 
what they were doing, shocked]

Card Guy:  Good lord!

Woman:  Oh, how could you?

Englishman:  I think I'm going to be sick.

Frenchman:  I stole this accordion from a blind monkey, but you ... ugh!
  
You disgust even me!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF04 - Homer Simpson in: Kidney Trouble.

%
Marge:  Aren't you going to give him the Last Rites?

Rev. Lovejoy:  That's Catholic, Marge.  You may as well ask me to do a 
voodoo dance.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF04 - Homer Simpson in: Kidney Trouble.

%
Lisa:  Dr. Hibbert, I thought you'd located another kidney for Grampa!

Dr. Hibbert:  Larry Hagman took it.  He's got five of them now!  And three 
hearts!  We didn't want to give them to him but he overpowered us.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF04 - Homer Simpson in: Kidney Trouble.

%
"THE PRESIDENT DID IT" IS NOT AN EXCUSE

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF05 - Mayored to the Mob.

%
Announcer:  We will return to the remainder of the conclusion after these
messages.

Homer:  Well, I'd rather get a message than see another lousy commercial.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF05 - Mayored to the Mob.

%
Publicist:  People, people!  This man has actually been in outer space!

Edna:  Hah!  Nobody cares!

Neil Armstrong (to Publicist):  This is one small step towards firing your 
ass!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF05 - Mayored to the Mob.

%
Homer:  Are you sure this is a Sci-Fi convention, Lisa?  It's full of nerds!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF05 - Mayored to the Mob.

%
Mayor Quimby:  Oh god.  Can't this town go just one day without a riot?

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF05 - Mayored to the Mob.

%
Lisa:  Someone has to go back in.  ...  for Maggie.

Homer:  Forget Maggie.  She's gone.

Marge:  I've *got* Maggie.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF05 - Mayored to the Mob.

%
MY MOTHER IS NOT DATING JERRY SEINFELD

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF06 - Viva Ned Flanders.

%
Flanders:  And of course, I resist all the major urges.

Mel:  All of them!?

Marge:  You mean you've never splurged and say.  ...  Eaten an entire 
birthday cake and then blamed it on the dog?

Edna:  You've never licked maple syrup off your lover's stomach?

Bart:  You've never snuck out of church to break into cars?

Flanders:  No, no, and double no!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF06 - Viva Ned Flanders.

%
Homer:  If you wanna be like me, you've gotta make snap decisions, like 
this!  [pulls another violent 180] We're going to break the bank at The 
Monty Burns Casino!

Flanders:  Homer, they blew that up yesterday.  ...

Homer:  Oh yeah, right.  [pulls a violent 180] Then we're going to Las 
Vegas!  Which is actually back in that direction.  [pulls another violent 
180]

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF06 - Viva Ned Flanders.

%
Flanders:  The lights, the noise, the letter X.  It's all designed to 
inflame the senses.  I'm overstimulated.  I've gotta get out of this town.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF06 - Viva Ned Flanders.

%
Flanders:  How do you silence that little voice that says "think"

Homer:  You mean Lisa?

Flanders:  No, I mean common sense!

Homer:  Oh that.  That can be treated with our good friend alcohol.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF06 - Viva Ned Flanders.

%
Flanders:  Do I *have* to be gang-probed?

Homer:  Would you rather tell Maude what really happened?

Flanders:  OK.  What did the aliens look like?

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF06 - Viva Ned Flanders.

%
Principal Skinner:  Now who's ever wondered how the Post Office works? ... 
Anyone?

Lisa:  I ... did until we came here last year!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF08 - Sunday, Cruddy Sunday.

%
Postmaster Bill:  This machine reads zip codes.  These five digits tell us 
where to direct your mail!

Lisa:  But it's nine digits now, what's the point of these other four 
numbers?

Postmaster Bill:  Those are citizen relocation codes.  With any luck we'll 
never...  need them.

Security Guy #1:  She's onto us!  Shall we flood the chamber?

Security Guy #2:  Not yet...

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF08 - Sunday, Cruddy Sunday.

%
Principal Skinner:  Any questions for Postmaster Bill?

Nelson:  Have you ever gone on a killing spree?

Postmaster Bill:  Ho ho ho, nooo noo, the day of the gun shot and the 
disgruntled postman went out with the Macarena.

Skinner:  Well, I'm just glad I work in an Elementary School.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF08 - Sunday, Cruddy Sunday.

%
Postmaster Bill:  You can each help yourself to one piece of undeliverab le 
mail!

Ralph:  I'll take you!.  ...  (dogs sniff package and growl) I got some dog 
food!

Milhouse:  I got my letter to Santa!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF08 - Sunday, Cruddy Sunday.

%
Bart:  A coupon book?  What am I gonna do with this piece of junk ... Happy 
Birthday Dad!

Homer:  Wow, a Value-qual coupon book!  Ten percent off carpet cleaning.  
TEN!  *gasp*  Two pizza's for the price of one at Doughies!!!

Lisa:  Doughies have terrible pizza!

Homer:  Yeah but there's TWO!!!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF08 - Sunday, Cruddy Sunday.

%
Homer:  Seeya kids!  Me and my value-qual book are going to paint the town 
red.  ...  with savings!!  I'll start with a couple of pizza's, then top it 
off with a Tango lesson...

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF08 - Sunday, Cruddy Sunday.

%
Wally Kogen:  Hey you got off easy.  I just came here to use the phone and 
they got me for the whole Road King package.  Allignment Shock, Armorol,
 
Stem Lube...

Homer:  Hehe, Stem Lube, even I didn't fall for that!.  ...  Although 
Winter is coming...

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF08 - Sunday, Cruddy Sunday.

%
Wally:  Say, you wanna get a beer while we're waiting?

Homer:  Yeah, I'm getting tired of them pointing and laughing at us.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF08 - Sunday, Cruddy Sunday.

%
Coach:  Now what am I gonna do?.  ...  YOU!

Homer:  Me!?

Coach:  Yeah you.  ...  get your hand off my wife's leg!

Homer:  Sorry!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF08 - Sunday, Cruddy Sunday.

%
Homer:  C'mon Lenny, I need four more guys to fill my Superbowl bus.  What 
do you say?

Lenny:  Naaaahhh.

Homer:  C'm-o-on

Lenny:  Naaaahhh.

Homer:  C'm-o-o-on!!

Lenny:  Naaaahhh.

Homer:  Oh COME O-O-O-NNN!

Lenny:  Aww.  ...

Homer:  Yes!  Now that Lenny's in, Carl will fall like a domino!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF08 - Sunday, Cruddy Sunday.

%
Lisa:  Wow, you've signed up quite a few people, dad.  ...  Sea Captain,
 
Bumblebee Man, Comic Book Guy, the Squeaky Voiced Teen...

Homer:  Yeah, it's a good group.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF08 - Sunday, Cruddy Sunday.

%
Wally:  Well sports fans, I see you've found the beer supply, so lets all 
enjoy it in moderation.

Guys:  Booooo!

Wally:  Hey don't make me come back there!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF08 - Sunday, Cruddy Sunday.

%
Wally:  Seriously now, If you have any questions, just ask our team leader 
Homer Simpson.

Homer: [drunk] La blah laoo laaa laa.

Wally:  Or  ...  me...  uh, better ask me.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF08 - Sunday, Cruddy Sunday.

%
Marge:  Hm, it's so nice to have a peaceful weekend together.

Lisa:  Yeah I'm bored too.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF08 - Sunday, Cruddy Sunday.

%
Wiggum:  Alright alright, you guys have had way too much booze.  ...  
laaast call!!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF08 - Sunday, Cruddy Sunday.

%
Wally:  Hehe, I'm sorry, the guys kind of made a mess in your bathroom.

Bus Driver:  What bathroom.!?

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF08 - Sunday, Cruddy Sunday.

%
Marge:  Oh, honey, that is egg-ceptional!

Lisa:  Okay, now we just have to stick the feet on.

Marge:  Right.  ...  Lisa I don't wanna alarm you but I'm not finding any!

Lisa:  But it clearly says 'Feet Included', they have to be here!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF08 - Sunday, Cruddy Sunday.

%
Wiggum:  Relax Simpson, relax.  A little known fact about jail cells is 
they always have one fake bar for like...  emergencies.  Real, real, real, 
real, real.  So by the process of elimination, this one is fake...  OW! 
 
That's painful!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF08 - Sunday, Cruddy Sunday.

%
Wally:  I just feel pretty dog-one bad.  ...  If they were electing a 
president for Dumbville I'd have to nominate me.

Bart:  You got my vote.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF08 - Sunday, Cruddy Sunday.

%
Homer:  Psst.  ...  cleaning lady.  Will you let us out of here?

Dolly Parton:  Me!?  I'm Dolly Parton!

Homer:  I didn't ask for your life story, just gimme the key!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF08 - Sunday, Cruddy Sunday.

%
Wally:  Dolly, wait!

Dolly Parton:  Wally!?

Krusty:  *You* know Dolly Parton?

Wally:  Yeah, I book a lot of package tours to Dollywood and EuroDollywood 
... that's in Alabama.

Dolly:  Wally Kogen, what are you doing in Superbowl jail?

Krusty:  Ask her if she'll go out with me!

Wally:  We had a little ticket SNAFU, do you think you could bust old Wally 
and his pals out of the pokey?

Dolly:  Well I do have some of my extra strength makeup remover.  Shield 
your eyes.  [lock burns through]

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF08 - Sunday, Cruddy Sunday.

%
Wally:  Who's ready for some football!

Homer:  FOOOTBAAAALLL!

 ...

Moe:  Homer, we've been running around cheering for an hour, where's the 
game!?

Homer:  You guys were following me!?  I was following Flanders!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF08 - Sunday, Cruddy Sunday.

%
Football Player:  Whoo!  I'm going to Disneyland!

Wally:  Really?  Cuz I'm a travel agent and I've heard nothing but bad 
things.  ...

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF08 - Sunday, Cruddy Sunday.

%
Bart:  I never thought I'd say this about a TV show, but.  ...  this is 
kind of stoopid.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF09 - Homer to the Max.

%
Homer:  I dunno.  Maybe I'll have to foil an assisination, or stop a peace 
character.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF09 - Homer to the Max.

%
Homer:  Hey!  What's going on?  That guy's not Homer Simpson.  He's fat and 
stupid.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF09 - Homer to the Max.

%
Marge:  Your character provides the comic relief.  ...  like Marlon Brando 
in Apocalypse Now.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF09 - Homer to the Max.

%
Homer:  Bart!  Kill that cat

Bart:  OK!

Homer:  And that big yellow flower out there.

Marge:  Homer, your growing insanity is starting to bother me.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF09 - Homer to the Max.

%
Homer (Max Power):  Kids!  There's three ways to do things.  The right way, 
the wrong way, and the Max Power way.

Bart:  But isn't that the wrong way?

Homer:  Yes, only faster.  ...

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF09 - Homer to the Max.

%
[Discussing lunch]

Trent Steel:  Do you like Thai?

Homer (Max Power):  Sure.  Do you like shirt?

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF09 - Homer to the Max.

%
Apu:  Good rice, good curry, good Ghandi, let's hurry.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF11 - I'm with Cupid.

%
Marge:  I can't believe he covered your bed with wild flowers.

Manjula:  I'm sure your Homer has done the same thing for you.

Marge:  Sometimes I find pickle slices between the sheets.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF11 - I'm with Cupid.

%
Ned:  The man's only trying to show his wife he loves her.  How can we
sabotage his labour of love?

Homer:  I don't know.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF11 - I'm with Cupid.

%
Apu:  Elton John!

Elton John:  That's my name.  ...  Well not really.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF11 - I'm with Cupid.

%
GRAMMAR IS NOT A TIME OF WASTE

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF10 - "Marge Simpson in: 'Screaming Yellow.
Honkers'"

%
Bart:  I didn't think it was physically possible - but this sucks *and*
blows.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF10 - "Marge Simpson in: 'Screaming Yellow 
Honkers'"

%
Lisa:  Dad, you're supposed to pay for those snacks.

Homer:  I saw Krabapple's butt ... I paid.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF10 - "Marge Simpson in: 'Screaming Yellow 
Honkers'"

%
Homer:  Aw, crap, it's a girls' car!  I can't drive this.

Lenny:  Oh sure you can, dollface.  [makes kissy noises]

Carl:  Heh, heh, pretty thing like you can do whatever she wants.  [Lenny 
and Carl share a laugh]

Homer:  Shut up!  Screw you guys!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF10 - "Marge Simpson in: 'Screaming Yellow 
Honkers'"

%
Bart:  C'mon, Mom, just cut across the field.

Marge:  Oh, I don't know.  Doesn't seem right.

Bart:  Do you want to spend your whole life doing what's right?

Marge:  Of course not.  ["4X4" blinks] Let's do it.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF10 - "Marge Simpson in: 'Screaming Yellow 
Honkers'"

%
Marge:  This better be important.

Chief Wiggum:  Can the sweet talk, Thelma and Louise.  You have a serious
mental illness.  The technical term is, "road rage."  See you tomorrow at 
Traffic School, speedy.  Now you have exactly five seconds to get out of 
my sight.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF10 - "Marge Simpson in: 'Screaming Yellow 
Honkers'"

%
Training film narrator:  Look familiar?  It should.  Anger is what makes
America great.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF10 - "Marge Simpson in: 'Screaming Yellow 
Honkers'"

%
I DO NOT HAVE DIPLOMATIC IMMUNITY

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF12 - Make Room for Lisa.

%
Marge:  It's just until we pay off Daddy's desecration of a priceless 
artefact.  I never thought I'd have to say that again.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF12 - Make Room for Lisa.

%
Homer:  Lisa, what's your favorite movie?

Lisa:  Until you taped over it, "The Little Mermaid."

Homer:  That's right ... "The Odd Couple!"  Now meet your comically 
mismatched roommate, Bart Simpson!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF12 - Make Room for Lisa.

%
Principal Skinner:  Sorry, mother, I was driving through a tunnel and my 
cell phone wouldn't work.

Agnes:  I don't want you driving through tunnels.  You know what that 
symbolizes.

Skinner:  But Mother, it cuts ninety minutes off my drive.

Agnes:  No tunnels!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF12 - Make Room for Lisa.

%
Homer:  Maybe you'd feel better if we watched some TV together.

Lisa:  Urrgh!  I just want to study.

Homer:  That's no fun.

Lisa:  It is to me.

Homer:  No it's not.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF12 - Make Room for Lisa.

%
Dr. Hibbert:  Oh, now you call that chuckling?  Come on, child, force it.

Lisa:  I'm really not the chuckling type.

Homer:  It's true.  I'm always making clever noises, and she never chuckles 
at 'em.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF12 - Make Room for Lisa.

%
Dr. Hibbert:  Well, I could prescribe some harsh antacids, but I think Lisa 
would benefit more from herbal teas, or aromatherapy.

Lisa:  Yeah, some of that all-natural stuff is really very...

Homer:  Oh, no, you don't!  Screw that touchy-feely crap!  We'll take the 
harsh antacids.  Nothing's too good for my little girl.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF12 - Make Room for Lisa.

%
Homer:  I sure settled his hash.  Imagine that quack, thinking he'd try one 
of those crazy New Age cures.

Lisa:  They're not all crazy, Dad.

Homer:  Sure they are, honey.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF12 - Make Room for Lisa.

%
New-age shop owner:  You are about to take a journey into the mind.  You
 
may see and experience things that are strange and frightening.  But 
remember, they can't physically harm you, ... though they may destroy you 
mentally.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF12 - Make Room for Lisa.

%
Homer:  My little girl's tummy hurts.  Do you have anything to stop her 
complaining?

Lisa:  Dad!

Owner:  Here.  Try this wheat grass juice.

Lisa: [drinking] Bleargh!

Owner:  Well, your tongue works.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF12 - Make Room for Lisa.

%
Lisa:  How am I supposed to hallucinate with all these swirling colours 
distracting me?

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF12 - Make Room for Lisa.

%
Bart:  Wow, you really clobbered him!

Marge:  That was a horrible trick to play on your mother.

Bart:  Yeah, well, it serves you right for eavesdropping.

Marge:  Mmmm.  Well, I guess we both learned a lesson.  But if anybody 
asks, *you* hit him.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF12 - Make Room for Lisa.

%
I CANNOT ABSOLVE SINS

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF14 - Simpsons Bible Stories.

%
Rev. Lovejoy:  ...and as we pass the collection plate, please give as 
though the person next to you were watching.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF14 - Simpsons Bible Stories.

%
Rev. Lovejoy:  And that concludes Genesis - the first of the 66 books of 
the Bible.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF14 - Simpsons Bible Stories.

%
Pig:  Today, I'm featuring mouth-watering pork ribs.  Tuck in, then.

Homer: [reaches in and pulls out some ribs] Oh, I gave a rib to Eve and 
now she's gone forever.

Pig: [facetious] One whole rib and still standing?  Well, aren't you the 
plucky one, sir.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF14 - Simpsons Bible Stories.

%
Wiggum (court enforcer):  King Solomon, these men need you to settle a 
dispute.  They each claim ownership of this pie.

Homer (King Solomon):  The pie shall be cut in two.  And each man shall 
receive ... death.  I'll eat the pie.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF14 - Simpsons Bible Stories.

%
Bart (King David):  I'm bored.  Send in my jester.

Krusty (jester):Hey, hey, King David!  How you doin'?  Now, I'm not saying 
Jezebel's easy, but before she moved to Sodom, it was known for its 
pottery.  Ha, ha.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF14 - Simpsons Bible Stories.

%
Bart (King David):  Methuselah, my oldest friend, who did this to you?

Abe (Methuselah): [in pain] Oh, it was Goliath.

Bart:  But Goliath is dead.  I smote him myself.  I smoted him good.

Abe:  No, it was his son, Goliath II.  [dies]

Bart:  Nooooooo!  Goliath II is gonna pay.  And this time, it's Biblical.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF14 - Simpsons Bible Stories.

%
Nelson (Goliath II):  Let my proclamation go out across the land:  Ha ha
!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF14 - Simpsons Bible Stories.

%
Marge:  Oh, how embarrassing.  Ooh, we slept right through church.

Homer:  Eh, not the end of the world.

[they open the doors, to find that the world is engulfed in fire and 
brimstone.  The Four Horseman of the Apocalypse gallop across the sky]

Marge:  No, it's the Apocalypse!  Bart, are you wearing clean underwear?

Bart:  Not any more.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF14 - Simpsons Bible Stories.

%
Lisa:  It's the Rapture, and I never knew true love.

Homer:  I never used those pizza coupons!

Homer: [standing atop the stairway down to hell] Ooh, I smell barbecue!  
[runs down the stairs.  The rest of the family slowly follows] Hey look 
... Arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgh!  Oh, they're out of hot dogs!  And the coleslaw 
has pineapple in it!  Aah!  German potato salad!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF14 - Simpsons Bible Stories.

%
Homer:  Marge!  I'm out of beer!

Marge: [pulling weeds] You know, Homie, a lot of men use their Saturdays 
to do things around the house ... hint, hint!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF15 - Mom and Pop Art.

%
Homer:  Fine.  I'll drop everything I'm doing just for you, but you'll have 
to live with the guilt of ruining my Saturday.  Can you live with that, 
Marge?  Huh?  Can ya?

Marge:  Yup.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF15 - Mom and Pop Art.

%
Homer:  Excuse me.  I have a few questions for Pop.

Teenager:  That's me.

Bart:  You're Pop?!  No offence, but even I could kick your ass.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF15 - Mom and Pop Art.

%
Homer:  I'd like to return this barbecue kit.

Teen:  All returned items must be in a box and accompanied by a receipt.

Homer:  Well, if you'll follow the flashlight, you'll see the receipt 
embedded here and here, and elements of the box here, here, and possibly 
here.

Teen:  Sorry, I didn't get this hammer hat by handing out refunds.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF15 - Mom and Pop Art.

%
Astrid Weller:  Mr. Simpson?  I believe something of yours struck my car 
yesterday.

Homer:  Oh, yeah?  Prove it.

Woman:  That's your license plate, isn't it?

Homer:  O-o-oh ... [sobbing] alright, just go ahead and sue me!  Everybody 
else does!  The average settlement is $68,000.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF15 - Mom and Pop Art.

%
Homer:  This lady says I'm an artist.

Marge:  You?  An artist?

Astrid Weller:  Your husband's work is what we call "outsider art".  It 
could be by a mental patient, or a hillbilly, or a chimpanzee.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF15 - Mom and Pop Art.

%
Homer:  Hey, I've always had an interest in art, dating back to my 
schoolgirl days when I painted portrait after portrait of Ringo Starr.

Marge:  That's *my* life you're describing!

Homer:  I think I remember my own life, Marge.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF15 - Mom and Pop Art.

%
Bart:  Are you sure this is art and not vandalism?

Homer:  That's for the courts to decide, son.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF15 - Mom and Pop Art.

%
Ned Flanders:  What the flood!?  Maude, it's a miracle!  The Lord has 
drowned the wicked and spared the righteous.

Maude:  Isn't that Homer Simpson?

Flanders:  Looks like heaven's easier to get into than Arizona State!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF15 - Mom and Pop Art.

%
Kent Brockman:  Springfield was shocked today to learn it will host the 
next Olympics.  Economists predict our city will experience the same boom 
Sarajevo enjoyed after the 1984 Games.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF16 - The Old Man And The "C" Student.

%
Bart:  Thank you, thank you.  [to Russian IOC member] So, you're from 
Russia huh?

Russian:  Da.

Bart:  Ya drunk yet?

Russian: [depressed] Da.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF16 - The Old Man And The "C" Student.

%
Homer:  I've never wanted a beer worse in my life.

[Marge produces a beer from her handbag]

Homer:  *gasp*  I love you, honey!

Marge:  Are you talking to me or the beer?

Homer:  To you, my bubbly long-neck beechwood aged lover.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF16 - The Old Man And The "C" Student.

%
Bart:  Aww, jeez.  This used to be crawling with Russian subs.  Now there's 
just four!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF16 - The Old Man And The "C" Student.

%
Principal Skinner:  Milhouse, do you like the beach?

Milhouse:  Who doesn't?

Skinner:  Good!  I want you to pick up all this medical waste that's washed 
up on the shore here.

Milhouse:  Ow!  I pricked myself!

Skinner:  Well, just keep working.  You'll prick yourself with the antidote 
sooner or later.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF16 - The Old Man And The "C" Student.

%
Bart:  Oh, no, Lis, they've got you too?

Lisa:  Got me?  What are you talking about?  I've been volunteering here 
for a year.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF16 - The Old Man And The "C" Student.

%
Abe Simpson:  I haven't felt this relaxed and carefree since I was watch 
commander at Pearl Harbor.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF16 - The Old Man And The "C" Student.

%
Lisa:  Bart, are you crazy?  We've got to get the old folks home, to the 
old folks' home!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF16 - The Old Man And The "C" Student.

%
Bart:  Oh, it's not fair.  I'm not supposed to die now.  I'm supposed to 
die in a foolish motorcycle stunt at the age of 15.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF16 - The Old Man And The "C" Student.

%
Marge:  When was the last time we went for a good, old-fashioned family 
walk?

Homer:  We stopped those when the kids said I was too fat to carry.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF17 - Monty Can't Buy Me Love.

%
Marge:  Whoo!  Looks like something exciting's happening.  Well, we'll have 
to read about it in tomorrow's paper.

Lisa:  Why can't we see it now?

Marge:  Well, it's not really on our walking route.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF17 - Monty Can't Buy Me Love.

%
Homer:  Hey, it's not just a store, it's a megastore.  "Mega" means "good", 
and "store" means "thing".

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF17 - Monty Can't Buy Me Love.

%
Bart:  Whoa!  This place has everything.  Even a shop-lifting department
...

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF17 - Monty Can't Buy Me Love.

%
Montgomery Burns:  Oh, the man has no idea how to behave like a 
billionaire.  Where's the dignity?  Where's the contempt for the common 
man?

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF17 - Monty Can't Buy Me Love.

%
Montgomery Burns:  I thought I had everything: money, good looks, strong, 
sharp teeth, but what's it all worth when nobody likes you?

Smithers:  I like you, sir.

Burns:  Are you still here?!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF17 - Monty Can't Buy Me Love.

%
Montgomery Burns:  I need your help.  I want to be loved.

Homer:  I see....  Well, I'll need some beer.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF17 - Monty Can't Buy Me Love.

%
Montgomery Burns:  If a couple of Chinese bamboo gobblers can win people's 
hearts, I'm going to bring them something that man has searched for since 
the dawn of time.

Homer:  A sober Irishman?      

Burns:  Even rarer.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF17 - Monty Can't Buy Me Love.

%
Montgomery Burns:  Where's my monster, tubby?  What do you people think I'm 
paying you for?

Homer:  Um, to work in your power plant?

Willie:  You're not paying *me* anything.

Frink:  You *kidnapped* me.  I remember it distinctly with the grabbing, 
duct taping, tennis ball in the mouth.  [pout] It hurt me.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF17 - Monty Can't Buy Me Love.

%
NO ONE WANTS TO HEAR FROM MY ARMPITS

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF18 - They Saved Lisa's Brain.

%
Marge:  Lisa, would you like a penny to throw at your brother?

Lisa:  Unbelievable.  We're rewarding people for acting like buffoons.

Marge:  Young lady, this may be the high point of Bart's life.  Cut him 
some slack.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF18 - They Saved Lisa's Brain.

%
Lisa:  Oh, this is so embarrassing.

Marge:  Lisa, did anyone force you to come here today?

Lisa:  You.

Marge:  Mmmm.  Well, no one's forcing you to stay.

Lisa: [leaving her seat] Okay, I'm leaving.

Marge: [dragging Lisa back] Oh, you're not going anywhere, missy.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF18 - They Saved Lisa's Brain.

%
Homer:  Look!  I got runner-up prize!

Lisa:  You won second place?

Homer:  No, but I got it!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF18 - They Saved Lisa's Brain.

%
Dr. Hibbert:  Do you suffer from diabetes?

Carl:  N-n-n-no.

Hibbert:  Well you do now.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF18 - They Saved Lisa's Brain.

%
Homer:  Look!  I got runner up prize!

Lisa:  You won second place?

Homer:  No, but I got it!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF18 - They Saved Lisa's Brain.

%
Comic Book Guy:  The world has taken note of our accomplishments.  
Springfield has moved up to #299 on the list of America's most livable 300 
cities.  Take that, East St. Louis!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF18 - They Saved Lisa's Brain.

%
Homer:  It's awfully dark in here.

Photographer:  Light is not your friend.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF18 - They Saved Lisa's Brain.

%
Marge:  You've just got to show me what you did.

Homer:  D-o-oh!  But I was gonna score.

Marge:  No you weren't.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF18 - They Saved Lisa's Brain.

%
Dr. Stephen Hawking:  I wanted to see your Utopia, but now I see it is a
 
fruitopia.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF18 - They Saved Lisa's Brain.

%
Lisa:  Oh, Dr. Hawking, we had such a beautiful dream.  What went wrong?

Stephen Hawking:  Don't feel bad, Lisa.  Sometimes, the smartest of us can
be the most childish.

Lisa:  Even you?

Hawking:  No.  Not me.  Never.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF18 - They Saved Lisa's Brain.

%
Marge:  I guess everyone has a different vision for a perfect world.

Lisa:  Mom!  That's very profound.

Dr. Stephen Hawking:  Hey.  You read that off my screen.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF18 - They Saved Lisa's Brain.

%
Homer:  Heh-heh-heh.  I love their hilarious send-ups of hit movies.

Lisa:  Dad, it's not...

Homer:  "Gigabyte"!  [laughs] They've done it again.  Gigabyte.  Wait, 
this isn't "Weird"!  [looks at cover] Why, there's no magazine *called*
 
"Weird", is there?

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF20 - Thirty Minutes Over Tokyo.

%
Pilot: [over intercom] Welcome to Japan, folks.  The local time is ...  
tomorrow.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF20 - Thirty Minutes Over Tokyo.

%
Homer:  The Internet?  Is that thing still around?

Bart:  I know a web site that shows monkeys doing it.

Lisa:  Bart, the internet is more than a global pornography network it's
...

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF20 - Thirty Minutes Over Tokyo.

%
Pilot: [over intercom] Uh, folks, we're experiencing some moderate 
Godzilla-related turbulence at this time, so I'm going to go ahead and ask 
you to put your seatbelts back on. When we get to 35 thousand feet, he 
usually does let go, so from there on out, all we have to worry about is 
Mothra, and, uh, we do have reports he's tied up with Gamera and Rodan at 
the present time.  Thank you very much.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF20 - Thirty Minutes Over Tokyo.

%
FRIDAYS ARE NOT "PANTS OPTIONAL"

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF23 - Beyond Blunderdome.

%
Lisa:  I'm proud of you dad!  Buying an electric car will help clean the 
air and to protect the Earth's supply of ... you're faking this to get the 
gift, aren't you?

Homer:  But I like the nice things you said about me.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF23 - Beyond Blunderdome.

%
Car Saleswoman:  Thinking of saying goodbye to gas?

Bart:  You betcha. [belches]

Marge:  Bart!  [Homer breaks wind] Well, that shut me up.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF23 - Beyond Blunderdome.

%
Marge:  Boy, that quiet engine sure makes conversation a lot easier.

Homer:  Yeah, it's got a lot of other problems, too.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF23 - Beyond Blunderdome.

%
Marge:  Hey, we never opened that envelope to see what our gift is.

Homer:  We didn't?  That's odd.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF23 - Beyond Blunderdome.

%
Homer:  Mel Gibson is just a guy Marge, no different than me or Lenny.

Marge:  Were you or Lenny ever named Sexiest Man Alive?

Homer:  Hmmm, I'm not certain about Lenny ...

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF23 - Beyond Blunderdome.

%
Marge:  Is Mel Gibson here?

Edward Christian:  No, sorry, but like all celebrities, he's in Hollywood 
attending benefits for various diseases.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF23 - Beyond Blunderdome.

%
Homer:  Well, that was a stinker.

Marge:  I liked it.  It was nice to see a movie where people solved their 
problems with words instead of bullets and chasing.

Homer:  Oh, you're just saying that because your boyfriend was in it.  I'll 
bet that you would have hated it if me and Lenny was Mr. Smith.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF23 - Beyond Blunderdome.

%
Mel Gibson: [reading Homer's audience response card] "Your movie is more 
boring than church.  All you did was yak, yak, yak.  You didn't even shoot 
anybody..."  Damn!  I knew it!

Christian:  Aw, don't do this to yourself, Mel.  The guy's obviously a nut.

Gibson:  Maybe.  Maybe he's the only person with the guts to tell me the 
truth.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF23 - Beyond Blunderdome.

%
Mel Gibson:  I'm looking for [reads card] Homer Simpson.

Homer:  And I've been looking for you too, pal.

Bart:  Pound him, dad!

Lisa:  Bart, don't!

Bart:  Quiet!  Dad's going to get his butt kicked by Mel Gibson.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF23 - Beyond Blunderdome.

%
Marge:  Homer doesn't know anything about making movies.

Mel Gibson:  Don't sell your husband short, Mrs. Simpson.

Homer:  She's always doing that, Mel.

Marge:  *groan*

Gibson:  Homer is a brutally honest man.  Completely tactless and 
insensitive.

Homer:  Hee, hee.  Guilty as charged.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF23 - Beyond Blunderdome.

%
Mel Gibson:  The problem I have is people love me so much, they never 
criticize me.  I speed all the time but the cops never give me a ticket.  
If I don't pay my taxes, the IRS pays them for me.

Marge:  Oh, you poor thing.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF23 - Beyond Blunderdome.

%
Marge:  Look, they're making a movie!  Robert Downey, Jr. is shooting it 
out with the police.

Bart:  I don't see any cameras.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF23 - Beyond Blunderdome.

%
Guide:  Uh, for those of you who always wanted to see the famous Brown 
Derby restaurant ...

Marge:  Ooh!

Guide:  ... that's where it used to be.

Marge:  Oh.

Guide:  And on your left is the notorious spot where Hugh Grant ...

Marge:  Eww.

Guide:  ... filmed the movie, "Nine Months."

Marge:  Ee-eww!

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF23 - Beyond Blunderdome.

%
Mel Gibson:  Pretty cool, huh?

Christian:  You, uh, you chopped off the President's head.

Gibson:  Bet you didn't see that coming.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF23 - Beyond Blunderdome.

%
Bart: [standing in a memorabilia museum next to the TV batmobile] Wow, 
these dummies look pretty good.

Batman (voiced as Adam West):  Well, I've had a lot of surgery, old chum.

Robin (voiced as Burt Ward):  Shh.  Mr. Amato's going to fire us if you 
don't stop bothering the customers.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF23 - Beyond Blunderdome.

%
Homer:  Now here's your biggest problem of all.

Gibson:  The filibuster scene?  That was Jimmy Stewart's favourite.

Homer:  And it was fine for the 1930s; the country was doing great back 
then.  Everyone was into talking.  But now, in whatever year this is, the 
audience wants action.  And seats with beverage holders.  But mainly action.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF23 - Beyond Blunderdome.

%
Homer:  Movies aren't stupid.  They fill us with romance and hatred and 
revenge fantasies.  "Lethal Weapon" showed us that suicide is funny.

Mel Gibson:  That really wasn't my intention.

Homer:  Before "Lethal Weapon 2" I didn't know there could be a bomb in my 
toilet, but now I check every time.

Marge:  It's true, he does.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF23 - Beyond Blunderdome.

%
Homer:  Aw, I'm sorry I ruined your career, Mel.

Mel Gibson:  It's not your fault, Homer.  I guess there's no room in 
today's crazy, gentle America for violent dinosaurs like us.

Homer:  How did the country lose its way, Mel?  When did we stop rooting 
for the man with a flame-thrower or an acid-spraying gun of some kind?

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF23 - Beyond Blunderdome.

%
Lisa:  Principal Skinner, what would you say is the most important 
fire-fighting tool?  Would you say it's prevention?

Skinner:  Oh, absolutely, Lisa.  That, and the sand bucket.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF22 - Brother's Little Helper.

%
Principal Skinner:  Your son is a ravenous demon, relentlessly gnawing at 
all that's good and true.

Homer:  Yeah, he's something else, all right.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF22 - Brother's Little Helper.

%
Burns:  Smithers, we're at war!

Smithers:  I'll begin profiteering, sir.

Burns:  And hoarding.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF22 - Brother's Little Helper.

%
[Nelson knocks Millhouse cold in the middle of a game of "I Spy".]

Homer:  God bless you, Nelson Muntz.

Nelson:  I'm no hero, I just like to hit people on the head.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF21 - Guess Who's Coming to Criticize Dinner?.

%
Homer:  Here we are, kids.  The zoo.

Bart:  Well, that's great Dad, except you were suppose to drive us to the 
newspaper.

Homer:  *D'oh!*

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF21 - Guess Who's Coming to Criticize Dinner?.

%
Editor:  Hey listen, I just had a thought.  We're looking for a new food 
critic.  Someone who doesn't immediately pooh-pooh everything he eats.

Homer:  No, it usually takes a few hours.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF21 - Guess Who's Coming to Criticize Dinner?.

%
Homer:  Can you believe this, Marge?  They're paying me to eat!

Bart:  Yeah.  Now, if you could just get someone to pay you for scratching 
your butt we'd be on easy street.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF21 - Guess Who's Coming to Criticize Dinner?.

%
Homer:  Marge, I'm sorry, but your cooking's only got two moves, Shake and 
Bake.

Marge:  You like Shake n' Bake.  You used to put it in your coffee.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF21 - Guess Who's Coming to Criticize Dinner?.

%
Marge:  Homey, my women's intuition acting up.  Something bad's going to
 
happen if you go in there.

Homer:  Oh Marge, something bad usually happens to me when I go in 
anywhere.  [He steps in a puddle, gets hit by Frisbee, then is attacked by 
a bat] A bat, now that's a new one.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF21 - Guess Who's Coming to Criticize Dinner?.

%
McAllister:  Lard ho!  'Tis a good sign; Homer's unfastened the top button 
on his pants.

Akira:  Uh no, he's been walking around like that since Thanksgiving.

McAllister:  I'm surprised he doesn't just give it up and go for sweatpants.

Akira:  He says the crotch wears out too fast.

McAllister:  Yar!  That's going to replace the whale in my nightmares.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF21 - Guess Who's Coming to Criticize Dinner?.

%
Marge:  Oh, my God!  We killed Ned Flanders.

Bart:  You mean *you* killed Ned Flanders.

Marge:  Oh, it was an accident ... an accident!

Lisa:  We've got to go to the police.

Bart:  They'll never believe a Simpson killed a Flanders by accident.  Even 
I have my doubts.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF01 - Treehouse of Horror X
                                    (I Know What You Diddily-Iddly-Did).

%
Marge:  Who could be calling at this hour?

Homer: [answering the phone nervously] Hello?

Menacing Voice: [on phone] I know you're alone.

Homer:  Who is this?

Menacing Voice:  Is this Maude Flanders?

Homer:  No, it's Homer

Moe:  Oh, hey Homer.  It's Moe.  I must have dialed the wrong number.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF01 - Treehouse of Horror X
                                    (I Know What You Diddily-Iddly-Did).

%
Milhouse:  Check it out Lisa, I'm Radioactive Man.

Lisa:  I don't think the real Radioactive Man wears a plastic smock with a 
picture of himself on it.

Milhouse:  He would on Halloween.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF01 - Treehouse of Horror X 
                                    (Desperately Xeeking Xena)

%
Principal Skinner: [after Lisa is crushed by falling furniture] She's 
been crushed.  And so have the hopes of our Mathletics team.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF01 - Treehouse of Horror X 
                                    (Desperately Xeeking Xena)

%
[exposed to radiation from a broken X-Ray machine, Bart and Lisa 
become Stretch Dude and Clobber Girl, and a title sequence rolls]

Stretch Dude and Clobber Girl!
He's a human rubber band
And she's the Hulk in pearls!
He's a limber lad
She's a powerful lass
He'll wring your neck
And she'll kick your ass!
They're Stretch Dude
And Clobber Girl!
Stretch Dude, Clobber Girl!
Stretch Dude, Clobber Girl!...

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF01 - Treehouse of Horror X 
                                    (Desperately Xeeking Xena)

%
Marge:  I don't want you looting.

Homer:  But I was going to loot you a present.

Marge:  Ooooh.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF01 - Treehouse of Horror X 
                                    (Life's a Glitch, and then you Die)

%
I DID NOT WIN THE NOBEL FART PRIZE

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF19 - E-I-E-I-D'Oh!

%
Zorro: [in "The Poke of Zorro" ] It's a "zee".  I am Zorro.  "Zee" for 
Zorro!  I  have come to return King Arthur to the throne.

Bart: [watching] It's a history lesson come to life!

Lisa:  No, it isn't.  It's totally inaccurate.

Bart:  Quiet!  Here come the ninjas.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF19 - E-I-E-I-D'Oh!

%
Homer:  Oh, that's it.  You insulted my honor.

Moe:  Your what now?

Homer: [slapping Moe with a glove] I demand satisfaction!  I  challenge you 
to a duel.

Moe:  Hey, a duel, I uh ... isn't that a little extreme?  Here, here.  Have 
a free beer.

Homer:  Really?  But you never given anyone a free beer.

Moe:  Yeah, I ain't never been slapped with no dueling glove before, either.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF19 - E-I-E-I-D'Oh!

%
[sung by the B-52s, to the tune of "Love Shack"]
A glove slap in a little old face will
Get you satisfaction.

Glove slap ba-a-beee ...
(Glove slap, baby)

Glove slap, baby, glove slap!
Glove slap, I don't take crap!

Glove slap, shut your big yap.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF19 - E-I-E-I-D'Oh!

%
Homer:  Dueling at dawn.  How did it ever come to this?

Lisa: [hanging up phone] The national weather service says dawn is still 
scheduled for 6:20 tomorrow and to please stop calling.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF19 - E-I-E-I-Doh!

%
Homer:  He's out there, isn't he?

Marge:  I'm afraid so, and his wife's with him.

Homer:  Row-r-r!

Marge:  Homer!

Homer:  Hey, I'm not dead yet.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF19 - E-I-E-I-D'Oh!

%
Lisa:  Where are we going, Dad?

Homer:  How should I know?

Marge:  Then why are you driving so fast?

Homer:  Cause I'm trying to think.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF19 - E-I-E-I-Doh!.

%
Marge:  Holy moly!  We can't stay here; it's full of raccoons.

Homer:  Just think of them as cats with rabies.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF19 - E-I-E-I-D'Oh!

%
Lisa:  Are we really going to live here and grow crops?

Homer:  Absolutely.  This is our big chance.  The Simpsons will be reborn 
as a bunch of gap-toothed bumpkins.

Bart:  I'll dig an outhouse!

Lisa:  I'll weed the floor.

Marge:  I'll repress the rage I'm feeling.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF19 - E-I-E-I-D'Oh!

%
Homer: [lying beneath an up-turned tractor] Go get Lassie!

Bart:  Lassie?

Homer:  I mean Lisa.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF19 - E-I-E-I-D'Oh!

%
Hick Farmer 1:  Well, well.  Look at the city slicker pulling up in his 
fancy German car.

Homer:  This car was made in Guatemala.

Hick Farmer 2:  Well, pardon us, Mr. Gucci loafers.

Homer:  I bought these shoes from a hobo.

Farmer 1:  Well la-de-da, Mr. Park Avenue manicure.

Homer:  I'm sorry, I believe in good grooming.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF19 - E-I-E-I-D'Oh!

%
Sneed:  Heh.  You're not going to grow nothing on the old Simpson place.  
That's why your daddy abandoned it.

Homer:  Aw, what do you know?

Sneed:  Well, I know you're soil pH is up around 9.6 and you need a 7 to 8 
max.

Homer:  Oh, that's just superstition.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF19 - E-I-E-I-D'Oh!

%
Homer:  Well Marge, have you ever seen a field glow like that?

Marge:  It's eerily beautiful, but are you sure this is safe?

Homer:  Of course not.  But you know something?  Sometimes you have to 
break the rules to free your heart.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF19 - E-I-E-I-D'Oh!

%
Homer:  Aw, you're right, this farm's hopeless.  Why didn't I listen to 
those inbred hicks?  I guess I'll just go hang myself in the barn.

Marge:  Homer, no!

Bart:  Let him go, Mom.

Lisa:  Wait, Dad.  You don't have to kill yourself.

Homer:  This better be good.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF19 - E-I-E-I-D'Oh!

%
Marge:  Shouldn't we be talking about the $150 million offer?

Homer:  Oh yeah, let's take it.

Lisa:  Dad, it's a tobacco company.  They make billions off the suffering 
and death of others.

Bart:  She's right, Dad.  They can afford a lot more.

Lisa:  No, that...

Marge:  I'm with Lisa.  Let's take them to the cleaners.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF19 - E-I-E-I-Doh!.

%
Lisa: [holding a pie] Are you okay, Dad?

Homer:  I think so.  The bone stopped the bullet.

Lisa:  Dad, this might be one of those things you should go to the hospital 
for.

Homer:  After pie.

     [ ] The Simpsons - AABF19 - E-I-E-I-D'Oh!

%
Chief Wiggum:  All right, smart guy.  Where's the fire?

Homer:  Over there.  [points to police station ablaze.]

Wiggum:  Ok, you just bought yourself a three-seventeen - pointing out 
police stupidity.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF02 - Hello Gutter, Hello Fadder.

%
Edna Krabappel:  Children, today's local hero is Homer Simpson.  [class 
cheers] Mr. Simpson bowled a perfect game without the aid of steroids, 
crack, angel dust, or the other narcotics that are synonymous with 
pro-bowling.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF02 - Hello Gutter, Hello Fadder.

%
Kent Brockman: [hosting "The Springfield Squares"] According to "Redbook" 
magazine, what is the speed of light?

Homer:  Well, yeah, uh, wait ... do I read from the sheet labeled "Jokes" 
or "Answers"?  [holds up two pieces of paper]

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF02 - Hello Gutter, Hello Fadder.

%
Disco Stu:  Disco Stu's gonna groove up some dough playing tic-tac-toe.

Kent Brockman: [aside to Stu] Uh, Stu, we like to downplay the resemblance 
to tic-tac-toe.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF02 - Hello Gutter, Hello Fadder.

%
Kent Brockman:  Oh, we've got to stop putting these flavours of the month 
on.

Homer:  Flavour of the month?  Me?

Ron Howard:  Yeah, Homer, you can't just ride one accomplishment forever.  
Why do you think I stopped acting and became a director?

Homer:  I don't know, because you weren't cute anymore?

Stu:  Hmmm, I'll agree.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF02 - Hello Gutter, Hello Fadder.

%
Commentator: [on TV] Well, now for our weekly segment, "Yesterday's News," 
featuring Homer Simpson.  Are you as bored as I am with the antics of this 
warmed-over Fred Flintstone?  I say it's time to put this one-trick pony 
out to stud.

Homer:  Woo-hoo!  First up:  Maude Flanders!

Marge:  Homer!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF02 - Hello Gutter, Hello Fadder.

%
Lisa:  Dad, what she's saying is, you've had your moment in the sun and now 
it's time for you to gracefully step aside.

Homer:  Lisa, I know what's going on here.  They did it to Jesus, and now 
they're doing it to me.

Marge:  Are you comparing yourself to Our Lord?

Homer:  Well, in bowling ability.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF02 - Hello Gutter, Hello Fadder.

%
Dr. Hibbert:  Mr. Simpson, you're going to be fine ... although you do seem 
to have swallowed a number of shark eggs.

Homer:  Actually, that was before I went in the ocean.

Hibbert:  Well, I don't want to pry into your personal life ...

Homer:  Then don't.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF02 - Hello Gutter, Hello Fadder.

%
I WILL STOP PHONING IT IN

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF06 - Faith Off.

%
Geek:  I invented a program that downloads porn off the internet one 
million times faster.

Marge:  Does anyone need that much porno?

Homer: [drooling] One million times...

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF06 - Faith Off.

%
Homer:  Have you nerds forgotten everything I taught you?  This calls for a 
prank.  I need ... a bucket.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF06 - Faith Off.

%
Marge:  I tried greasing the bucket with bacon fat, but your father kept 
eating it.

Homer:  Couldn't you try a non-delicious fat?  ...  Oh-h-h, there's no 
such thing!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF06 - Faith Off.

%
Ned Flanders:  Excuse me neighbour!  I couldn't help but notice you picked 
pretty much all of my flowers!

Homer:  Can't make a float without flowers...

Flanders:  Uh, sure enough, but did you have to salt the earth so nothing 
would ever grow again?

Homer:  Hehehehe.. yeah.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF06 - Faith Off.

%
Bart:  Excuse me, Brother Faith?  I've gotta know ... how did you *really* 
get the bucket off my Dad's head?

Faith:  Well, I didn't, son.  You did.  God gave you the power.

Bart:  Really?  Huh.  I would think that He would want to limit my power.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF06 - Faith Off.

%
Faith:  My slingshot was my cross.  But I saw the light, and changed my 
wicked ways.

Bart:  I think I'll go for the life of sin, followed by a presto-change-o 
deathbed repentance.

Faith:  Wow, that's a good angle.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF06 - Faith Off.

%
"Testify"
Bart:
I was a sinner, a real bad kid
What thou shalt not, I shalt did
Neighbours cat I tried to neuter
Took a whizz on the school computer         Sherri & Terri:
                                            He took a whizz, oh yes he did!
But now I've changed, you can't deny
Come on up and testify!                     Testify!  Testify!
                                            Come on up and testify!
Grampa:  My hip's misbehavin!
                                            Testify!
Patty:  Got a nicotine craving!
                                            Testify!
Frink:  There's a cramp in my glavin!
                                            Testify!
Bart:  Testify!                             Testify!

All:  Testify!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF06 - Faith Off.

%
Homer:  Okay, who needs another lamb rack?  ...  Lisa?

Lisa:  Do we have any food that wasn't brutally slaughtered?

Homer:  Well, I think the veal might have died of loneliness.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF06 - Faith Off.

%
Bart:  Why won't anybody listen to me?  I don't have any special powers!  I 
am not a healer!

Dr. Hibbert:  Fine... more money for me!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF06 - Faith Off.

%
MY SUSPENSION WAS NOT "MUTUAL"

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF10 - Alone Again, Natura-Diddly.

%
Homer:  What if I have to do my business?

Lisa:  Use this plastic bag!

Homer:  Oh, how come bears can crap in the woods and I can't?

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF10 - Alone Again, Natura-Diddly.

%
Lisa:  The Bird Sanctuary!  They ruined it!

Homer:  No they didn't!  They just surrounded it with something wonderful.  
Like a raisin covered in chocolate!  Or a monkey in a cowboy suit!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF10 - Alone Again, Natura-Diddly.

%
Brandine:  Dang, Cletus.  Why'd you have to park by my parents.

Cletus:  Now, honey, they's my parents too.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF10 - Alone Again, Natura-Diddly.

%
Ned:  Hi-diddly-ho, peddle-to-the-metal-o-philes!

Homer:  Flanders?  Since when do you like anything cool?

Ned:  Well I don't care for the speed, but I can't get enough of that 
safety gear!  Helmets, rollbars..

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF10 - Alone Again, Natura-Diddly.

%
Dr. Hibbert:  Hmm, a Ford urinating on a Chevrolet.

Mrs. Hibbert:  Don't you usually laugh at everything?

Hibbert:  Yes...  Yes I do.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF10 - Alone Again, Natura-Diddly.

%
Homer: [dancing topless in the stands] I NEED A SHIRT! GIMMIE A SHIRT!

Ralph:  Mommy has bossoms like that!

Chief Wiggum:  Yeah, I wish!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF10 - Alone Again, Natura-Diddly.

%
Marge:  It's hard to believe we're never going to see Maude again!

Homer:  And poor Ned didn't get a chance to say goodbye.  Well from now on 
I'm never going to let you leave the room without telling you how much I 
love you and how truly special... this is eating up a lot of time.  Maybe 
just a pat on the butt.  Yeah that worked.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF10 - Alone Again, Natura-Diddly.

%
Rev. Lovejoy:  In many ways Maude Flanders was a supporting player in our 
lives.  She didn't grab our attention with memorable catch phrases or 
comical accents!

Willy:  Aye!

Captain:  Yarr!

Frink:  Oh Glaven!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF10 - Alone Again, Natura-Diddly.

%
Ned:  I can't believe my last words to Maude were "no foot longs"!

Homer:  Yep.  It would have been a lot better if you said "I love you" or 
"you're special".  You know, something sweet instead of that hot dog crack.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF10 - Alone Again, Natura-Diddly.

%
Bart:  Do you even have a job anymore?

Homer:  I think it's pretty obvious that I don't!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF10 - Alone Again, Natura-Diddly.

%
Chief Wiggum:  Oh I would date Ned in a second if I was a woman or gay. He 
looks like a cuddler, that Ned.  I like that.  I like to be held, I like to 
be pampered.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF10 - Alone Again, Natura-Diddly.

%
Ned FLanders:  It's probably me.  I'm about as exciting as a baked potato.

Marge:  Darned right you are.  And you have a lot of other great qualities 
too.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF10 - Alone Again, Natura-Diddly.

%
Ned Flanders:  I'm about as exciting as a baked potato.

Marge:  You're darned right you are.  And you have a lot of other great 
qualities.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF10 - Alone Again, Natura-Diddly.

%
Homer:  That's right Ned, those floozies we married in Vegas were crazy 
about you.

Marge:  What floozies, what are you talking about?

Homer:  Marge, we're trying to help Ned!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF10 - Alone Again, Natura-Diddly.

%
Duffman:  Duff beer is brewed from hops, barley, and sparkling clear 
mountain... what?

Titania:  Goat!

Duffman:  Eh..  close enough!

Homer:  Aah!  You can really taste the goat!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF12 - Pygmoelian.

%
Marge:  Kids, would you like a balloon?

Bart:  Yeah right mom, then I'd like a rattle and a wowwypop... actually I 
would like a wowwypop.

Lisa:  Those balloons won't biodegrade for ten thousand years!  And if Bart 
gets a wowwypop I want a wowwypop.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF12 - Pygmoelian.

%
Moe:  Am I really that ugly?

Carl:  Moe it's all relative.  Is Lenny really that dumb?  Is Barney that 
drunk?  Is Homer that lazy, bald and fat?

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF12 - Pygmoelian.

%
Lisa:  "A gay president in 2084"?

Committee Member:  We're realisitic...

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF12 - Pygmoelian.

%
Moe:  Homer, did you hear that?  She called me handsome!  Me!  It's like 
I've gone to heaven.  Wait a minute..  I died on the operating table didn't 
I?

Homer:  Hehe, yeah but just for a minute.  It's a funny story, I'll tell 
you some time.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF12 - Pygmoelian.

%
I WON'T NOT USE NO DOUBLE NEGATIVES

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF02 - Hello Gutter, Hello Fadder.

%
INDIAN BURNS ARE NOT OUR CULTURAL HERITAGE

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF03 - Eight Misbehavin'.

%
I WILL NOT CREATE ART FROM DUNG

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF04 - Little Big Mom.

%
I CAN'T SEE DEAD PEOPLE

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF05 - Take My Wife, Sleaze.

%
I WILL STOP PHONING IT IN

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF06 - Faith Off.

%
I WILL NOT SELL MY KIDNEY ON eBay

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF07 - Grift of the Magi.

%
CLASS CLOWN IS NOT A PAID POSITION

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF08 - Mansion Family.

%
SUBSTITUTE TEACHERS ARE NOT SCABS

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF09 - Saddlesore Galactica.

%
A BELCH IS NOT AN ORAL REPORT

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF11 - Missionary: Impossible.

%
DODGEBALL STOPS AT THE GYM DOOR

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF12 - Pygmoelian.

%
Homer:  Good work, everyone.  We're sure to be first in line for "Duff 
Days."

Marge:  You set off the smoke alarm to rush us to a beer festival?

Homer: [chuckling] I know.  I'm a character.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF12 - Pygmoelian.

%
Duff Man:  Duff beer is brewed from hops, barley, and sparkling clear 
mountain ... what?

Titania: [rings bell] Goat.

Duff Man:  Eh, close enough!

Homer: [drinking] Ah.  You can really taste the goat.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF12 - Pygmoelian.

%
Titania:  Euww.  You said if I slept with you I wouldn't have to touch the 
drunk.

Duff Man:  Duff Man says a lot of things.  Oh, yeah!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF12 - Pygmoelian.

%
"NON-FLAMMABLE" IS NOT A CHALLENGE

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF13 - Bart to the Future.

%
Homer:  Let's go, Marge.  Come on, come on, come on!

Marge:  Homer, you know I have a gambling problem.

Homer:  Well, what better place to celebrate your recovery than amidst the 
frenzied excitement of the casino floor.

Marge:  Hrrmph.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF13 - Bart to the Future.

%
Bouncer:  No minors.

Bart:  Yeah, but I really want...

Homer:  Sorry, son.  Although they seem strange to us, we must respect the 
ways of the Indian.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF13 - Bart to the Future.

%
Casino manager:  So, you like to sneak into casinos?

Bart:  I wasn't going to gamble.  I just wanted a Bloody Mary.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF13 - Bart to the Future.

%
Bart:  Oh.  I thought that maybe you were some kind of Indian mystic who 
could tell the future?

Casino manager:  Who says I'm not?

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF13 - Bart to the Future.

%
Casino manager:  If you want to see the future, throw a treasured personal 
item onto the fire.  [Bart throws a small object, which promptly explodes] 
Not a firecracker!

Bart:  Hey, I bought it from a guy on your reservation.

Manager:  That's Crazy Talk.

Bart:  No, it's true.

Manager:  No, I know, that's my brother, Crazy Talk.  We're all a little 
worried about him.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF13 - Bart to the Future.

%
Homer:  Oh, I'm tired of giving you money.  Why can't you be more like Lisa?

Bart:  I am so sick of hearing about Lisa.  Just because she's doing a 
little better than me...

Marge:  She's President of the United States!

Bart:  President *elect*.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF13 - Bart to the Future.

%
Bart:  What happened to you, man?  You used to be cool.

Homer:  I'm still cool!

Bart:  Nah, you've changed, man.

Homer:  Well, I do have this robotic prostate, but you can't see it. ... 
Oh, you can.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF13 - Bart to the Future.

%
President Lisa:  Yes, I am proud to be America's first straight 
female President.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF13 - Bart to the Future.

%
Lisa:  The country is broke?  How can that be?

Milhouse:  Well, remember when the last administration decided to invest in 
our nation's children?  Big mistake.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF13 - Bart to the Future.

%
Marge: So ... what did everyone do today?

President Lisa:  Appointed a Supreme Court justice.

Marge:  Oh.

Bart:  "Bewitched" marathon.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF13 - Bart to the Future.

%
Homer:  Searched for Lincoln's gold.

President Lisa:  Dad, that's just a myth.  Lincoln didn't hide any gold in 
the White House.

Homer:  Then what is his ghost protecting?

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF13 - Bart to the Future.

%
Marge:  You just started counting from an arbitrary place.

Homer:  I just started what from a what, now?

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF13 - Bart to the Future.

%
President Lisa:  If I'm going to bail the country out, I'll have to  raise 
taxes, but in my speech I'd like to avoid  calling it a, "painful emergency 
tax."

Milhouse:  What about, "colossal salary grab."

Lisa:  See, that has the same problem.  We need to soften  the blow.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF13 - Bart to the Future.

%
President Lisa:  Oh, but Bart could screw everything up.

Secret Service Agent Kearney:  You want him ... eliminated?

Lisa:  No, just keep him out of my hair.

Kearney:  Out of your hair with extreme severity?

Lisa:  No!

Kearney:  Come on, every President gets three secret murders.  If you don't 
use them by the end of the term [makes smacking noise] they're gone.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF13 - Bart to the Future.

%
President Lisa:  I want you and your pals to go away to Camp David, and 
write up a report on coolness.

Bart:  Well, if my country needs me ... can we skinny dip?

Lisa:  At Camp David?  Sure.  They couldn't keep pants on Kissinger.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF13 - Bart to the Future.

%
Lisa:  Thanks, Bart.  You bought us some time.  What can I do to  thank you?

Bart:  Legalize it.

Lisa:  Legalize what? ... Ohhh, oh.  Consider it done.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF13 - Bart to the Future.

%
I WAS NOT TOUCHED 'THERE' BY AN ANGEL

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF14 - Days of Wine and D'oh'ses.

%
Cletus:  Looky here!  Cardy-board tubes!

Brandine:  Now we can have indoor plumbing, just like they's got at the 
women's lockup.

Cletus:  They spoilded you, Brandine.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF14 - Days of Wine and D'oh'ses.

%
Barney Gumble:  I'm just saying that when we die, there'll be a planet for 
the French, and a planet for the Chinese, and we'll all be happy.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF14 - Days of Wine and D'oh'ses.

%
Barney Gumble:  You won't see me here again ... ever!

[the bar patrons laugh raucously as Barney storms out the door]

Moe:  Wait ... that ain't funny.  He's my best customer.  Well, the 
handwriting's on the wall.  To stay afloat, this bar's going to have to go 
queer.

Gay Man:  You mean it's not?  Ugh.  Wrong again, "Gay Guide to Springfield."

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF14 - Days of Wine and D'oh'ses.

%
Barney Gumble:  My name is Barney, and I'm an alcoholic.

Clerk:  I feel for you, pally, but, uh, you want AA ... this is Triple-A.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF14 - Days of Wine and D'oh'ses.

%
Marge:  Cheer up, Homey.  You don't need friends to be happy.  I haven't 
had a friend in years.

Homer:  But you've got me.  Who have I got?

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF14 - Days of Wine and D'oh'ses.

%
Bart:  We should be safe up here.  I'm pretty sure fires can't climb trees.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF14 - Days of Wine and D'oh'ses.

%
I AM NOT HERE ON A FARTBALL SCHOLARSHIP

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF16 - Kill the Alligator and Run.

%
Bart:  This isn't real money.  It's printed by the Montana militia.

Homer:  They'll be real soon enough.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF16 - Kill the Alligator and Run.

%
Homer:  Okay, Flanders, your love quiz score is ... 61.  That makes you a, 
"Frigid Frieda."  I took off 30 points for all that crying you did.

Ned: [sniffling] Well, it was a little insensitive of you giving me a sex 
test, seeing as my wife just passed away.

Homer:  No way!  When?

Ned:  Six months ago.  You were at the funeral.  You fell into the grave!

Homer: [laughing] Oh, yeah.  I saw a gopher.  What a day!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF16 - Kill the Alligator and Run.

%
Homer: [to Carl and Lenny] According to this, you're both idiots.

Lenny:  Hey, thanks.  What do we owe you?

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF16 - Kill the Alligator and Run.

%
Lisa:  Look at the size of that 'gator.

Marge:  Is he a man-eater?

Guide:  Only convicts and hobos.

Bart:  Do you have any hobo chunks we could throw to him?

Guide:  Ha... 'fraid not.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF16 - Kill the Alligator and Run.

%
Marge:  Did you really have to handcuff the children?

Sheriff:  No, ma'am, I did not.

Marge:  You seemed so understanding before.  What happened to, "boys will 
be boys"?

Sheriff:  You see, during Spring Break, the beer companies pay me to look 
the other way.  The rest of the year, I'm a real hard-ass.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF16 - Kill the Alligator and Run.

%
Lisa:  You can't drive Dad.  He's got your licence.

Homer:  Well I'm gonna try anyway. [starts engine] It worked!  It's a 
miracle.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF16 - Kill the Alligator and Run.

%
Marge:  Homer, no!  You're going to kill us all!

Homer:  Or die trying.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF16 - Kill the Alligator and Run.

%
Homer:  Is anyone else on fire, or is it just me?

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF16 - Kill the Alligator and Run.

%
Marge:  This family has hit a new low.  We're on the run from the law, 
totally lost, no car, no money, no clean clothes, and it's all your fault.

Homer:  I love being married.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF16 - Kill the Alligator and Run.

%
Velma:  How do you know I'm going to hire you?

Bart:  Sorry, I just want to be a broom boy so bad.

Velma:  I like your attitude.  You're hired. [to Lisa] How 'bout you, 
missy?  You want to be a mop girl?

Lisa:  Not really, no.

Velma:  I like your honesty.  You're hired.  [to Marge and Homer] And you 
two haven't said a word.  I like that - you're hired.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF16 - Kill the Alligator and Run.

%
Homer:  Yep, this place is great.  And some day, when Lisa and Bart get 
married, it'll all be theirs.

Bart & Lisa:  Yuck!

Marge:  You mean when they marry other people.

Homer:  Okay, but I ain't paying for two weddin's.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF16 - Kill the Alligator and Run.

%
I WILL NOT DANCE ON ANYONE'S GRAVE

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
Optometrist:  Now read the first line

Homer:  I 8 P P... Why you little...!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
Optometrist:  Maybe you're a candidate for laser eye surgery.

Homer:  Will it get me out of having to choose glasses?

Optometrist:  Well, yes, but I must warn you it's an experimental procedure 
and we still don't know the long-term effe...

Homer:  Less yappin', more zappin'!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
Marge:  Ooh, "Tango de la Muerte"!  I've been dying to see that movie!

Lisa:  It got rave reviews from both the Entertainment Radio Network and 
the Radio Entertainment Network.  Let's go!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
Coach:  As your wise but alcoholic dance coach, I know that somewhere your 
father is looking down on you and smiling.  Oh there he is!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
Lisa:  Oh, he'll never dance with her.  She'll have to settle for some 
Mexican Milhouse.

Dancer:  I demand to know your name.

Lisabella:  My name is Lisabella.

Lisa:  That's my name with "bella" on the end of it!  Ask her!  Oh, God, 
please, ask her to dance!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
Lisabella:  Only one man was crazy enough to dance that dance, and he is 
dead.

Dancer:  My twin brother, Freduardo.  But where he died, I shall live ... 
in his apartment.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
Marge:  Hi, Little Vicky!

(Li'l) Vicky:  Hahaha, That was such a long time ago.  I'm just plain Vicky 
now.

Marge:  Alright, I'd like to sign my daughter up for lessons, Vicky.

(Li'l) Vicky:  Little Vicky.

Marge:  But, you just said..

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
Agnes:  Ow! You stepped on my toes again!

Principal Skinner:  If you would just let me lead..

Agnes:  You're not a leader, Seymour.  Never have been; never will be.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
Milhouse:  Camp is going to be great!  Seven days without parents, 
homework, or ear medicine!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
Ralph:  Teacher, my shoes are making noise!

(Li'l) Vicky:  You must be Ralph.

Ralph:  My daddy shoots people!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
(Li'l) Vicky:  Wait a minute, somebody's off the beat.  Let me hear you two

[Ralph dances perfectly]

(Li'l) Vicky:  Okay, now you...

[Lisa stumbles and falls down, into a plant]

[Children laugh]

(Li'l) Vicky:  Children, stop it!  For all you know, she has a medical 
condition.

Lisa:  Nope.

(Li'l) Vicky:  I see....

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
Bart:  This is way better than camp!  No mosquitos, no stupid camp songs
..

Stan: [singing] If you're happy and you know it shop at Stan's.  Giant 
discounts on your favorite major brands.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
Milhouse: [surprised] Worms!

Bart: [excited] Gold! ... [disappointed] Wait, this is just chocolate ... 
 ...  [reinvigorated] Chocolate!

Milhouse: [excited] And these are gummi worms!  Gummi!

Bart:  Warheads?  Jelly Bellies?  We're like two kids in a candy store!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
Mall Owner:  Oh my God!  Look at this place!  How could this happen?  Candy 
chewed, wigs pulled from stands, cheese packages poked and repoked.

Chief Wiggum:  Every sign points to one obvious culprit: a giant rat.  ...  
You'll have to shut down the mall.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
Lisa:  Well, no offence, but maybe I need a little more instruction than 
just "tappa-tappa-tappa".

(Li'l) Vicky:  Why, back when I was your age, I had 43 movies under my 
belt, and I had to do it without tappa-tappa-tappa.  I would've killed for 
tappa-tappa-tappa.

Lisa:  Sorry, I'm just frustrated.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
(Li'l) Vicky:  You've just got to turn that frown upside-down!  ...  That's 
a smile, not an upside-down frown! Work on that, too!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
Homer:  Now, honey, what were you trying to say before we kept interrupting 
with our loving proudness?

Marge:  Yes, our tiny tapper, what was it you were going to say after "I
wanted to be a dancer, but"?

Lisa:  But, I just...  need more practice! See ya!  [tap-click, 
tapitty-click]

Homer:  Oh, what's that awful sound?

Marge:  The furnace?

Lisa:  It's me!

Homer/Marge:  Aww....

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
Lisa:  Ugh.  The cat dances better than I do.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
Lou:  Sure hope this ACME kit works.

Wiggum:  Gosh, that cheese looks good.  Think I could grab it before that 
anvil hits?

Lou:  Oh, I don't know, Chief.  It's a million to one.

Wiggum:  I like those odds!  ...  Oh! My mistake was grabbing the cheese.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
(Li'l) Vicky:  Professor Frink - will that spaceship be ready for the 
recital?

Professor Frink:  I have visited the future, and yes it will.  M'hey.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
(Li'l) Vicky:  Okay, everyone, we need big smiles out there, so line up for 
dimpling.  Now this may hurt a lot.  What am I saying, "may"?

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
(Li'l) Vicky:  The star of the show is sick!  Whatever will we do?  There's 
only one person who can get us out of this pickle  ...  Lisa?

Lisa:  Yes?

(Li'l) Vicky:  Help me into Ralph's costume.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
(Li'l) Vicky:  Okay, curtain puller, this is your moment to shine.  Oh, 
it's too important, I'll do it for you.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
(Li'l) Vicky:  Self-tapping shoes?  I'm ever so pissed!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
Frink:  Jesus, Mary and glavin!  These shoes are in the off position!

Lisa:  You mean I danced all by myself?

Marge:  See, honey? All you needed was to believe..

Homer:  What are you talking about, Professor Frink?  They're clearly in
the on position.  See: "On"?

Frink:  I was merely trying to spare the girl's feelings, you insensitive 
clod.

Homer:  Oh... OOH!  Well, now that I look even closer..

Lisa:  Forget it, Dad.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF15 - Last Tap Dance In Springfield.

%
I CANNOT HIRE A SUBSTITUTE STUDENT

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF18 - It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad Marge.

%
Lisa:  Oh, Mom, you're not supposed to throw rice anymore.  Birds eat it, 
their stomachs swell, and they explode.

Bart:  Why am I just learning this now? [grabs the rice box and video 
camera then runs outside]

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF18 - It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad Marge.

%
Bart:  So, any words for the bride and groom?

Principal Skinner:  Not now, Bart.  I'm trying to urinate.

Bart:  You don't seem to be trying very hard.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF18 - It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad Marge.

%
Marge:  Oh, Becky, you look beautiful.  I thought you might want to see 
this bridal magazine.  It's got 900 tips for the perfect marriage - all 
"don'ts".

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF18 - It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad Marge.

%
Marge:  She's so helpful, and everyone loves her, and, well, this may sound 
crazy, but I think my family likes Becky more than me. [laughs nervously]

Patty:  I wouldn't worry about that.

Marge:  Really?

Selma:  Yeah, you're gonna be dead in a week anyway.

Marge:  Dead in a week?  What are you talking about?

Patty:  Look, honey, never let an attractive woman into your house.  All 
they ever do is usurp your family and then kill you.I WILL NOT OBEY THE 
VOICES IN MY HEAD

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF18 - It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad Marge.

%
Chief Wiggum:  I don't know, Simpson.  How do I know you didn't cut your 
own brakes?

Marge:  Why would I do that?

Wiggum:  I don't know ... get some attention from a handsome police officer?

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF18 - It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad Marge.

%
Chief Wiggum:  Take her away, boys.  [Lou and Eddie handcuff Marge and lead 
her towards the door]

Marge:  I thought you said the law was powerless.

Wiggum:  Powerless to *help* you, not punish you.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF18 - It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad Marge.

%
Lisa:  Poor Maggie.  How many insanity hearings have you been to in your
short little life?

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF18 - It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad Marge.

%
Marge:  Oh, my.  I've been so unfair to Becky.  Maybe I *am* insane.  I 
mean, I am talking to myself.

Moleman:  You are?  Oh, I thought I'd made a friend.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF18 - It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad Marge.

%
I WILL NOT OBEY THE VOICES IN MY HEAD

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF19 - Behind the Laughter.

%
Marge: [being interviewed] No one told me how hard it was to raise kids.  
It nearly drove me to fortified wine.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF19 - Behind the Laughter.

%
Marge: [being interviewed] They told us what to wear, how to dress, which 
clothes we should put on.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF19 - Behind the Laughter.

%
Marge: [being interviewed] Homer kept saying he could do a more realistic 
family show.  Finally I said, "So do it.  Either *bleep* or get off the 
pot."

Narrator:  And *bleep* he did.  Using his home as the studio and his family 
as the cast, this penniless Peckinpah shot a crude five minute video.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF19 - Behind the Laughter.

%
Homer: [being interviewed] Every day I thought about firing Marge.  
Y'know, just to shake things up.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF19 - Behind the Laughter.

%
Homer: [being interviewed] I wanna set the record straight: I *thought* 
the *cop* was a *prostitute*.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF19 - Behind the Laughter.

%
Narrator:  Bathtubs of money.  Wheelbarrows of awards.  Firehoses of 
respect.  The Simpsons had it all.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF19 - Behind the Laughter.

%
Moe: [being interviewed] Oh, Homer was spending money like a teenage Arab 
- heh.  He bought me a Rolex and, uh, Cashmere jeans.  I felt kinda guilty 
'cause I was always trying to score with his wife.  So, when do we start 
filming?  ...  Oh.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF19 - Behind the Laughter.

%
Lenny: [being interviewed outside Moe's] Even Bart was throwing dough 
around.  He paid me and Carl a thousand bucks to kiss each other.

Carl:  Hey, did we ever get that money?

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF19 - Behind the Laughter.

%
I WILL NOT PLANT SUBLIMIN*AL* MESSA*GORE*S

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF20 - A Tale of two Springfields.

%
Lisa:  Stoats are weasels, Bart.  They don't come in cans.

Bart:  Then what's this? [triumphantly holds up a can]

Lisa:  That's corn, Bart.

Bart:  Must you embarrass me?

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF20 - A Tale of two Springfields.

%
Homer:  Bart, do you have any dynamite in your room?

Bart:  Tons.

Homer:  Get it.

Lisa:  No, Dad, we don't want to kill him.  Let's call animal control.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF20 - A Tale of two Springfields.

%
Homer:  What really burns me up is they didn't give us one word of warning.

Carl:  What do you mean?  They ran those TV commercials about it, and that 
big radio campaign.

Lenny:  Don't forget the leaflets they dropped from the Space Shuttle, and 
the two weeks we all spent at area code camp.

Homer:  Not a single word of warning.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF20 - A Tale of two Springfields.

%
Homer: [Accepting his self-appointed position as mayor of New Springfield] 
I reluctantly accept this highly paid, glamorous job.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF20 - A Tale of two Springfields.

%
Moe:  Homer stole our rock performance!  That fat, dumb, and bald guy sure 
plays some real hardball.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF20 - A Tale of two Springfields.

%
Quimby:  Give us back our concert, Simpson.

Homer:  So, New Springfield's looking pretty good now, isn't it, with our 
ample parking, and daily Who concerts.

Roger Daltrey:  Daily?

Homer: [aside to Roger] We'll talk.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF20 - A Tale of two Springfields.

%
Homer:  Oooh, my horoscope.  [reading] "Taurus: Today you will die."

Marge:  What?!

Homer:  "... and you may get a compliment from an attractive co-worker!"  
Lenny?

Lisa: [takes paper] It really says die?  That's unusually specific for a 
horoscope.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF21 - Treehouse of Horror XI (Ghost Dad).

%
Homer: [as a ghost] Marge, you have to help me.  I have to do one good 
deed to get into heaven.

Marge:  Well I have a whole list of chores.  Clean the garage, paint the 
house, grout the ...

Homer:  Whoa, whoa, whoa.  I'm just trying to get in.  I'm not running for 
Jesus.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF21 - Treehouse of Horror XI (Ghost Dad).

%
Homer:  Did you see that, I did the deed, open up!  

St. Peter:  Oh, I'm so sorry.  I wasn't looking.

Homer:  Hey, I thought you guys could see everything!

St. Peter:  No, you're thinking of Santa Claus.

Homer:  Well I'll be damned.

St. Peter:  I'm afraid so, yes.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF21 - Treehouse of Horror XI (Ghost Dad).

%
Homer: [dusting off his hands] Boy, dumping your kids in the forest, sure 
gets your hands dusty.

Marge:  What?  You threw our precious babies into the woods!  We could have 
sold them!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF21 - Treehouse of Horror XI (Scary Tales Can 
Come True)

%
I WILL NOT SUPRISE THE INCONTINENT

   Blackboard
     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF17 - Insane Clown Poppy.

%
Marge:  Don't you two have a list of chores to do?

Bart:  Hey, we just took care of that dangerous melon that was threatening 
our garden.

Homer:  Yeah, we're heroes!  But where's *our* parade?

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF17 - Insane Clown Poppy.

%
Marge:  Homer, what are you doing?

Homer:  Listen, do you want the job done right, or do you want it done fast?

Marge:  Well, like all Americans, fast, but...

Bart: [lights the fuse] Clear!  [The exploding firework knocks the drawer 
out and leaves ugly blast marks on the drawer and stand]

Marge: [marvels at how easily the drawer slides now] You can't argue with 
results!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF17 - Insane Clown Poppy.

%
Lisa: [comes to doorway] What's going on here?!

Homer:  Uh ... honey ... there's point in every father's life when he blows 
up his daughter's room.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF17 - Insane Clown Poppy.

%
Lisa: [choking up as she picks up a damaged stuffed bear] You've ruined 
all my stuff.

Homer:  Oh, come on.  Tell us how we can make it up to you.  Hey, pretend 
it's your birthday!

Lisa:  It *is* my birthday!

Bart:  That's the spirit!  Now, what do you want to do?

Lisa:  Well, the book festival starts today...

Homer:  Anything at all!  You name it!  What do you want to do?

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF17 - Insane Clown Poppy.

%
Marge:  So, Mr. King, what tale of horror and the macabre are you working 
on 
now?

King:  Oh, I don't feel like writing horror right now.

Marge:  Oh, that's too bad.

King:  I'm working on a biography of Benjamin Franklin.  He's a fascinating 
man.  He discovered electricity, [clouds gather and King's voice becomes 
menacing] and used it to torture small animals and green mountain men.  And 
that key he tied to the end of a kite?  [thunder crash] It opened the gates 
of Hell!

Marge:  Well, let me know when you get back to horror.

King: [normal voice] Will do.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF17 - Insane Clown Poppy.

%
Dr. Nick:  With my diet, you can eat all you want, any time you want.

Marge:  And you lose weight?

Dr. Nick:  Uh, you might.  It's a free country!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF17 - Insane Clown Poppy.

%
Christopher Walken:  "Goodnight room.  Goodnight Moon.  Goodnight cow 
jumping over the moon."  Please, children, scootch closer.  Don't make me 
tell you *again* about the scootching.  You in the red, chop-chop.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF17 - Insane Clown Poppy.

%
Bart:  "K the C"?

Krusty:  Hey, this pen's gotta last me all day.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF17 - Insane Clown Poppy.

%
Sophie:  My name is Sophie.

Krusty:  Hey, good luck with that.

Sophie:  I'm your daughter.

Krusty:  Wha...?!

Sophie: [hugs Krusty] I finally found my daddy!

Krusty:  Oh ... I think I just seltzered myself.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF17 - Insane Clown Poppy.

%
Krusty:  Listen, honey, a lot of kids think of me as their daddy, but I'm 
just a simple TV legend.  Here, have a key chain.  [gives Sophie a Krusty 
key chain]

Sophie:  No, I'm sure you're my father.  You met my mom during the Gulf War.

Krusty:  Was your mother an Israeli flight attendant?

Sophie:  No....

Krusty:  Cokie Roberts?

Sophie:  No, she was a soldier ... chestnut brown hair, kind-of shy, 32 
confirmed kills...

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF17 - Insane Clown Poppy.

%
Krusty:  Anyway, how'd you finally find me?

Sophie:  All Mom ever said was my father was some pathetic clown, so I 
typed "pathetic clown" into a search engine, and your name popped right up.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF17 - Insane Clown Poppy.

%
Homer:  Dear Lord, bless this humble meal, and did you hear about Krusty?  
Whoo, man!  I mean, I knew he was a player, but jeez, a kid!

Marge:  Homer, that's not a prayer, that's gossip.

Homer:  Fine, I'll just discuss heavenly matters.  So, how's Maude Flanders 
doing up there?  She playing the field?  Ooh, yeah, really?  All those 
guys?  Amen.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF17 - Insane Clown Poppy.

%
Sophie:  Come on, Dad, let's go bodysurfing or boogieboarding!

Krusty:  Listen, kid, I'm not the kind of dad who, you know, does things, 
or 
says stuff or looks at ya.  But the love is there!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF17 - Insane Clown Poppy.

%
Krusty:  Hey, ya beat me!  What a great day we've had, huh?

Sophie:  You know, for a clown, you're not really a lot of fun.

Krusty:  Boy, fatherhood is one tough gig.  I don't get how other guys do
it.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF17 - Insane Clown Poppy.

%
Krusty:  Hey, I know that song.  My dad used to play that when I was a boy. 
 
It's beautiful!

Sophie:  Do you play?

Krusty:  No, I guess musical talent skips a generation ... like diabetes!  
Might want to watch out for that, too.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF17 - Insane Clown Poppy.

%
Sophie:  Hey hey, Dad!

Krusty:  Hey hey!  Now, look, Sophie, I know you think your daddy's 
perfect...

Sophie:  No, I don't.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF17 - Insane Clown Poppy.

%
Fat Tony:  Now some unpleasant news.  I have learned that someone in this 
room is a squealer.

Legs:  We've narrowed it down to either Johnny Tightlips or Frankie the 
Squealer.

Frankie:  Okay, it's me!  I can't help it!  I just like squealing!  It 
makes me feel big!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF17 - Insane Clown Poppy.

%
Sophie:  You did it!  You got it back!  Thanks, Dad.

Krusty:  "Dad" ... that still sounds weird to me, but I'm glad we're 
friends again.

Sophie: [opens the case] And you've lined the case with money!  Small bills,
unmarked, and nonsequential!

Krusty:  Holy simoleans!  There must be five grand in there!  ...  Oh, 
which I intentionally put in there for you, you lucky little hamantaschen.

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF17 - Insane Clown Poppy.

%
[Homer is being persued by Mafia in a hail of gunfire]

Homer:  I said I was sorry!

[The chase and guns stop]

Legs:  Alright, fair enough.

Louie:  Class act.

Homer:  Sorry you're such jerks!  Ha-ha!

[The chase and blazing of guns resumes]

Homer:  Ouch!  That one entered!

     [ ] The Simpsons - BABF17 - Insane Clown Poppy.

%
Director: [examining coupon] Well, this autopsy coupon appears to be valid. 
 What other funerary services can we provide for the pre-deceased?

Homer:  Oh, the whole deal!  Coffin, tombstone, anti-stink spray ...

Director:  Sir, we prefer the term "casket" to "coffin," and "monument" to 
"tombstone."  We have all the leading brands of anti-stink spray.

     [ ] The Simpsons - CABF07 - Tennis the Menace.

%
Funeral Director:  Okay, with mole insurance, your total comes to $17,000.

Homer:  What?  Oh ...

Director:  Or you could just toss him in the woods and let the wolves carry 
him off.  It's really up to you.

Homer:  Mr. Salesman?

Director:  Yesss?

Homer:  We're gonna go with the wolves.

     [ ] The Simpsons - CABF07 - Tennis the Menace.

%
Funeral Director:  Sir, if I may, think of it as an investment in 
extravagance.  The Mauso-Palooza can be seen from space.  It will consume 
as much space as a regulation-size tennis court.

Homer:  Tennis court, eh?

     [ ] The Simpsons - CABF07 - Tennis the Menace.

%
Abe:  Aw, I can't believe we went through all that just to wind 
up with a tennis court.

Homer:  I'll bet you didn't see that coming.

     [ ] The Simpsons - CABF07 - Tennis the Menace.

%
Marge:  You know, a tennis court can really make your house look classy.  
And it's going to do wonders for our social life.

Homer:  Yeah, it'd be nice to entertain friends and have people over.

Ned Flanders:  Hey, you got a tennis court?

Homer:  Keep walking, Flanders.

     [ ] The Simpsons - CABF07 - Tennis the Menace.

%
Burns:  Well, hello, Marge.  Lovely day for tennis, eh?

Marge:  I thought you had your own court.

Smithers:  He did, but he had it converted to a human chess board.

     [ ] The Simpsons - CABF07 - Tennis the Menace.

%
Lou:  Hey, Chief, we're going to bust up that crack house tonight.

Wiggum:  We did that last night.

Lou:  Yeah, but this time we got the right address.

     [ ] The Simpsons - CABF07 - Tennis the Menace.

%
Homer:  I'll be right out, honey.

Marge:  Oh, that's okay.  Bart's doing fine.  You just have another beer.

Homer:  Now that's the kind of nagging I can live with.

     [ ] The Simpsons - CABF07 - Tennis the Menace.

%
Lisa:   Oedipus killed his father and married his mother.

Homer:  Eugh!  Who pays for that wedding?

     [ ] The Simpsons - CABF07 - Tennis the Menace.

%
Lisa:  Dad, I think you're overreacting.

Homer:  I think you're under-reacting.

Lisa:  This session's over.

Homer:  This session's under.

Lisa:  Good-bye! [leaves]

Homer:  Bad-bye!

     [ ] The Simpsons - CABF07 - Tennis the Menace.

%
Serena Williams:  You're dumping your own daughter?

Homer:  Yeah, but only to crush my wife and son.

Serena:  That's horrible!

Venus Williams:  Yeah, that's pretty low.

     [ ] The Simpsons - CABF07 - Tennis the Menace.

%
Lisa:  You're replacing me?

Homer:  Now, Lisa, "dumping" is such a harsh word.  Let's just say I'm 
replacing you.

     [ ] The Simpsons - CABF07 - Tennis the Menace.

%
Homer:  Everybody's been dumped but me.  I'm undumpable!

Andre: [snatching Homer's racquet] Yoink!

Homer:  My tennis stick!  Who are you?

Andre Agassi:  I'm Andre Agassi.

Homer:  The wrestler?

     [ ] The Simpsons - CABF07 - Tennis the Menace.

%
Homer:  You know, there's a lesson here for all of us: It's better to watch 
stuff than to do stuff.

Bart:  A-men.

     [ ] The Simpsons - CABF07 - Tennis the Menace.

